As far back as she could remember, Silva could hear the whispers. When she was a little
girl, she would tell her mother things she shouldn’t have been able to know. How many cookies
were left in the cookie jar without opening it, what the people who used to live in their house
sounded like, and that the neighbor thought about skinning her husband alive at least once a
month.
Silva always felt at home in the darkness, she could see the entrance that nobody else
seemed to notice. If she was touching a space devoid of light, she could enter the darkness, it
was her home, her domain. Here, she could move with grace and ease. In this space she
couldn’t feel pain, she couldn’t be seen, bothered. Silva made her way to the building, the giant
twins were outside, the slightly shorter brother pulled a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, and
gave one to his clone.
“How many days?” The shorter man lit his cigarette before lighting his brothers. They
leaned on the front doorstep, about three large steps leading up to the rotting building. Silva had
been here before, they must have been setting up during the day, because nobody was here
last night.
“‘Bout four, it’s like midnight so maybe three.” The taller brother eased out a stream of
smoke, “Looking forward to goin-” He sniffled pointedly.
Silva halted, he was a sniffer.
“What is it?” Stepping off his lean, the shorter brother splashed a puddle near his feet,
distracting the both of them long enough for Silva to slip between them and the crack under the
door. She darted through the main lobby, hiding up behind the fluorescent lights. She could
barely hear the voices through the door, as she held her breath.
“... Don’t smell it anymore.” Silva saw the outline of his shadow lean against the step
again, before taking another pull on his cigarette, pausing, “Maybe someone opened a window,
got a real sensitive sniffer, Dan!”
Silva heard audible annoyance from Dan, he must've been aware of his brother's
sensitive nose. She also noted how empty the building was, she could still tell that Dirk was
here, but she couldn’t feel the vibrations of anybody else. When somebody disturbs shadow,
they tend to take notice, and they tend to tell Silva. They also tend to hide Silva very well, so
she wasn’t worried about an ambush, more about what Karl Dirk was doing here.
Silva went a few floors up, she could tell she was getting closer to Dirk, but she couldn’t
pin his location. She needed to get eyes on Dirk, then send a confirmation through comms. This
meant she would need to unveil herself for a moment, just to speak into the microphone. The
idea made her nervous, especially since a sniffer was right outside, but her choses were limited,
since she made the last minute decision to jump through the door.
She was almost to the roof, when she totally lost Dirk. Silva could tell he didn’t go to the
roof, she inspected the handle leading from the final door to the stairway to the roof, the dust
hadn’t been disturbed, and the roof seemed awfully quiet for some secret evil headquarters.
She went room to room, before stumbling on her jackpot.
The apartment wasn’t much different from the rest, the hint was that the front door was
unlocked. The next hint being the bookcase swung wide-open, showcasing some silver doors to
an elevator and a keypad.
“There she is.”
Silva crouched down, before condensing her lungs down. As far as she knew, she was
the best there was at hiding her presence. She had been in combat training since she was six
years old, and she was the top of her class in subterfuge. She was the official Subterfuge
Specialist of the PHOENIX unit, and she was damn proud of it. Even fully unveiled by shadows,
so long as she controlled her breath, she knew she wouldn’t be noticed. She ripped the cloak of
night off, blinking into reality.
“Phi, ther-”
It was like Silva was looking directly into the full moon, she darted her gaze down. She
was standing on a dark hill, wind ripping through her hair and pulling shrapnel across her skin.
Her eyes are held wide open, almost stapled, as she is forced to meet her gaze with the
monster devouring the sky. The moon takes up most of the horizon, radiating a violent madness,
a searing hate. Silva feels her soul absolutely rocked, nearly shattered, by the demand to know
who dares enter this beast's domain?
“Silva?” She stepped forward, her eyes seeming to roll from the back of her head. Silva
placed her forehead in her palms, thinking she was going to vomit. She was back in the
apartment building. They knew she was here, that was a warning, but the words couldn’t form in
her mouth. She could feel the pressure in her ears ringing, and the shadows behind that
screaming that she was in danger.
“I’m fine, how long was I out?” An uncomfortable silence.
“Out? You just stopped talking, are you okay?” Silva shot up, looking behind her. It was
like logic didn’t make sense for just long enough for Silva to not notice the rattling coming up the
stairs. She turned, just in time to make eye contact with the dolt brothers.
“I’ve made contact with Tweedle ‘Dee and Tweedle Dumb, permission to engage?” Silva
began straightening her back, making her breath follow a steady pattern, before unlatching the
knives she kept to her sides, and crossing her arms in an X pattern aimed at the boys.
“The hell!?”
“Permission denied! Get out of there!” A smirk crept up Silva’s cheek.
“Sorry sir, I don’t think I have that option!” With a swing of her arms back, pointing her
knives behind her, she jumped into the air before vanishing.
7
