Silva’s mom didn’t say much about her Dad, or she didn’t remember it, at least. As far as
she could remember, it was just the two of them. Silva’s mother, Seph, was one of the few
people born powerless. It was an incredibly uncommon occurrence nowadays, most people
were born with at least a little attunement to some kind of element. It was during the 21st
century, somewhere in the twenty-first or second century, that people began to show our new
talents.
The first generation was fairly juvenile with what they could do, shoot a little fire here,
make a little lighting there. The sudden rise of super powered humans did pretty immediately
cause a collapse in every government. The cities came out of that. On the North American
continent, there are somewhere between fifteen and twenty cities. The old governments
declared martial law, and during that time the cities lost their names. It was symbolic, to tell
people they had lost control.
Control has been the new way of the world, the distance between the cities is a
wasteland. Whether it be anomalies, gangs of roving lunatics, or giant monsters roaming the
empty countryside. Large communities have grown in the wasteland, and Silva’s mother was a
member of one.
All she can remember is the moon. They were people of the moon, but she can’t
remember much past that. They were happy though, she can remember that. Her favorite
memory was a huge campfire, with so many people.
There was a point that Silva remembered making an imaginary friend. Around the age of
five, Silva began to hear a boy crying at night. She sat up in her bed, dreary eyed and her black
hair knotted back, she slowly stepped down the steps and sneaked outside. She began looking
for the boy but couldn’t find him.
“Hello? Who’s crying?” As Silva was giving up, the sniffling stopped. She looked around,
trying to find the source.
“Where are you?” The voice surprised Silva, she couldn’t pin down where it was coming
from. “How did you get in here?” She was looking around her backyard, again, she didn’t see
any movement or hear where the voice could be coming from. It was as if the voice was coming
from behind her eyes.
“In here?” Silva replied, “I’m outside! Where are you?” The boy was quiet, but made it
clear he was still there, thinking, with some “hmm”’s.
“My name’s Zack.” The boy had seemingly given up on trying to solve where the other
was, but Silva wasn’t getting anywhere. She sat on the bench attached to the back of her
house.
“Silva.”
“Silver.”
“No, Silva”
“Silver.”
“No.”
And from then on they were best friends. Every night when Silva’s mother would go to
sleep, she would stay up to spend time with Zach. They would talk about the books they read,
mostly about caterpillars and fish, and what games they played with their friends.
“They stopped letting me play with the other kids.” Silva had noticed Zach sounded more
depressed lately. They had been talking for maybe about a month or so, and he definitely
seemed more quiet. She had discovered he didn’t have parents, or at least didn’t know who
they were. He lived in a square room with no color, with a bunch of other kids. Silva felt bad for
him, it sounded like he wasn’t treated well, and that maybe someone was hurting him.
“Can I help at all?” Silva asked, but knew that there wasn’t anything she could do. She
didn’t know where he was.
“Nah, just keep talking to me, please.” The please at the end sounded painful.
“Promise.”
More time passed. Silva learned that Zach had just turned Seven, and she informed him
that she was a year and two months younger than him. As they kept talking, Zach got angrier.
“It’s so dumb, they lock me in here because they know I could beat them up for talking to
me like that…” Silva was scared when Zach said things like that. She didn’t think she had
powers, and he sounded meaner when he was using them.
“Talk about moving stuff by thinking.” Silva could hear the smirk slap across his face, she
knew him, enough, to know how to get him talking. And he was nice when he was talking about
stuff, not throwing things around his room.
“Oh yeah, I forgot you don’t have powers.” He seemed to pause for a moment, whether
for affect or to point his nose, Silva couldn’t tell. “It’s really fun, I can even fly!”
“That’s so cool! I wanna fly!” Silva was sitting on the bench again in her backyard,
looking at the stars above her. She always imagined Zach as sitting somewhere looking at the
same stars.
“If you could, we could fly somewhere and meet!” Silva felt a dash of disappointment.
After Zach told her he was from one of the cities, she asked her mom if she could ever go there,
and she asked who told her about the cities. She said it had come up in school, and could tell
she should probably drop the subject.
“I’m sorry, my mom thinks the cities are bad places…” She could hear the
disappointment. She waited with baited breath, Zach’s temper had never been good, but he
really snapped when she turned him down on that. She wasn’t a liar, and didn’t want him to
think she was going to show up somewhere she wasn’t actually going to, but she hated that he
got so mean about it.
“Fine, I guess we aren’t actually friends.”
“Come o-”
“No, I get it, you hate me.” Silva rolled her eyes.
“Come on, stop. What’d you do today?” They talked into the night.
More time passed, and Silva slowly stopped talking to Zach. It wasn’t on purpose. It
seemed one or the other wasn’t available to speak, they drifted apart, and eventually it only
became a once in a blue moon thing.
Two or so months after Silva had turned Six years old, she awoke one morning and went
downstairs. She sat at the table, talking to her mother across the table as they ate breakfast.
“I’m thinking while I’m gone today, you’ll stay-” An explosion came from the wall to the
right of Silva, as she looked to see where it came from, she heard the truck barrel in front of her,
taking out the table, and exiting by blasting a hole out of the wall to Silva’s left.
She followed the path of the truck slowly, stopping where her mother was. There wasn’t
any blood or gore, her mother was gone, plucked out of reality right in front of her.
Shattered, that was the only word in her head. She only remembers looking to the hole
and seeing a storm, as it begins tearing through the house. She always thought she was alone
that day, but like a sliver behind her eye, a memory has always bit at her. A thought she
remembered having, but not recalling its significance, it not really having any meaning before
now.
Where’s Lucy? Is my sister safe?
Silva awoke to the smell of isopropyl alcohol, she was in the med-wing. She had spent a
lot of time here, as her mentor Phi was a fire ability user, and he was insistent on fire’s potential
in the medical field. Veronica, her best friend and unit member, was also interested in using her
ice ability medically. When Silva opened her eyes, Veronica was slumped in a chair next to her,
crimson bangs falling onto her pale nose. Her slow shallow breaths made Silva calm.
What was she going to do? Clearly, she had forgotten that she had a sister. Only a few
things could really explain that. Either she was hit on the head, which is possible, or somebody
erased her memory, which realistically, is also possible.
Even Silva had to acknowledge the humor in that, it shouldn’t be something that anyone
thought could happen, but look at her line of work. She wasn’t battling giant laser eyed freaks
every week, but she was sent on a lot of missions. She had been sent to the field when she was
eight years old, after two years of training. Eight years had passed, and she had mostly done
small stuff, laser eyes are more common than brain washers, for example.
She’d have to be careful, it’s odd nobody in the government knew she had a sister.
Something was up for sure, she always wondered why a patrol was near her mothers
community at the time. She was told there was some controversy with the community leaders,
but they agreed nobody was able to take her, so they adopted her into the program after
discovering her abilities.
“Memory lane?” Zach was sitting on the windowsill, looking at the rain coming down.
Silva was quiet, she didn’t like talking about that day. “I figured…”
“The day we met,” Silva said suddenly, or, thought suddenly. “I don’t remember. I know
you came to my house, but I don't remember anything else.” Zach didn’t look away from the
rain, rubbing his chin with his thumb.
“I’m pretty sure… I think I died that day.” Zach’s voice was monotone, he showed no
signs of fear, or anxiety. “That lady, she told me we shouldn’t talk about it, but I always
thought…” He paused, staring out the window.
“Oh hey, you’re awake.” Veronica sat up, stretching her arms towards the ceiling, fingers
locked. Zach nodded at Silva, and faded back into the shadows. “How’re you doing?”
“Well, definitely not tired.” Silva pulled herself up from the tight grip of the bedsheets.
Veronica let out a giggle.
“Oh good! You sound normal!” Veronica pulled her bag out from behind her feet, pulling
her tablet from it. “What do you wanna watch? You were out three days so there's a new
Bushwor-”
“Three days?” Silva said curtly, giving Veronica a blank stare.
“It’s okay hon, you have like a thousand sick days…” Veronica was scrolling through
shows, when Silva weakly put her hand on her shoulder.
“Where’s my sister?” Veronica snapped back at Silva, utter bewilderment on her face.
“Who?” Veronica put one hand on Silva’s shoulder, and one on her forehead. “Did you hit
your head? You don’t have a sister.” Silva was laughing as she was battling Veronica's cold
hands.
“That girl we saved,” She gasped, pushing Veronica off her. “I think… She’s my sister.”
Veronica searched Silva’s face, looking for a smile or any sign she was joking. Once the
realization hit that Silva wasn’t kidding, she went into problem solving mode.
“She does look a lot like you…” Veronica put the nail of her thumb between her teeth,
her eyes darting back and forth across the bed sheets. “Well, her room is just across the hall. I
just tucked her in about two hours ago, so we’ll talk to her in the morning.” She went back to the
screen, “We shouldn’t wake her, and we can theorize tonight while watching trash!” Silva was
shocked, Veronica always did that, she always knew exactly what to say to calm her down.
“Thanks Veronica I… Thanks.” Silva scooted over, and Veronica scooted in.
