“You’re drooling again.” The girl caught the dribble coming from her lip, leaning into the
booth counter. They were at some diner, the boy and the girl. She sat up in her seat, still wiping
her face.
“Shut up, Zach.” She spoke to the boy in a whisper, as if she was embarrassed to be
talking to him. She was embarrassed, she was trying to keep a low profile, but she couldn’t help
but fall asleep in public. Observing her surroundings, she found her companion at the counter,
still waiting on their drinks.
“You missed it, someone got mugged down that alley.” Zach pointed towards a dark
alleyway, the girl followed easily, as authorities were already on the premises. On the damp
sidewalk were two haphazardly parked Enforcement vehicles. Silently spinning their top lights, a
silvery, wispy light surrounded the premises, stopping any pedestrians from interrupting the
investigation. The girl examined the Enforcement Officers, before noticing her partner
approaching the table, two cups in hand.
“I always loved their uniforms,” She took the cup from her partner, as he pulled up the
chair Zach was sitting in and replaced him. “I hope I get assigned Enforcement, and not
Subterfuge…” She popped the lid of her drink, before ripping open sugar replacement and
spilling it in.
“I guess that depends on how this goes…” The boy sounded nervous, repeatedly picking
up his cup, before deciding it was too hot to drink. “Thanks for doing the scouting, Silva.” He
pulled the cup back, it was too hot. “Now if Max’s info is solid, we’ve got a promotion waiting
wherever these idiots take us.”
“Or a trap.” Silva said matter of factly, peeling the cover of a cream packet open, and
dumping its contents into the plastic cup. “Max is pretty good, but I didn’t like what I heard
coming out of that place.” She bit her lip, she said too much. “Liam I-”
“You followed them?” His eyes darted to hers, forcing her to pull away. She hated when
he raised his voice, especially when he was twelve, she really had difficulty taking him seriously.
“You could’ve gotten hurt? What if we couldn’t find you in time? Are you stup-”
“Yes, okay?” She raised her voice in return. “You asked me to do some scouting, so I
followed them. Maybe I followed them further than you said to, but I did and it’s too late to do
anything about it, okay?” She was speaking in a tone where passerby likely couldn’t make out
what she was saying, but could hear she was speaking, which made Liam uncomfortable.
“Fine, sorry. Thank you, Silva, really.” He cracked a smile, this is how it always went.
They grew up together in the Phoenix unit, located in City Eight. They always had this strange
understanding of each other, they were on the same wavelength when it came to the mission.
Training together day and night your whole lives may just have that effect on people, but even
among the Phoenix unit, Silva and Liam shared a dogged determination that seemed to
intimidate their peers.
Returning with an ear to ear smile, Silva drank from her coffee. She looked to the
Enforcement unit again, hoping to clock the Officer on duty, but they were seemingly busy down
the alleyway. She turned her gaze towards the building across from the diner. She had been
watching the building for about four hours, before falling asleep just in time to not see a
mugging.
They spent about another four minutes there, before the apartment building's front door
swung open, and two giants barreled through. The men must’ve been at least six and a half feet
tall, and they looked mean. Both clad in gray suits, one walked to meet a car pulling up to the
curb, before pulling its door open as it came to a stop. The other behemoth stayed behind,
watching the sidewalk, the road, clearly scanning his surroundings, before seemingly giving the
all clear. He moved to the side and a significantly smaller man moved around him and headed
to the car.
“That’s our cue.” Liam threw his card onto the table, as Silva pulled her jacket on and
they darted out onto the street. The rain was coming down heavily, Silva wasn’t sure if she liked
it or not. Liam hated it, he felt he hadn’t seen the sun in weeks, he felt like he was going mad.
They had never been to City Eleven, once called Seattle. The Phoenix unit had been assigned
here to find the man Silva and Liam were now following.
“I sent the heads up to Veronica and Phi.” The two walked through the street under an
umbrella, arms linked. Luckily, traffic kept the pace of the chase to a minimum. Silva couldn’t
help but take in the city as they walked, she knew Liam wouldn’t allow the mark to get away
from them, and she had his scent now. She often wondered how normal people would see
them, how they could just go about their days, not looking over their shoulder at every noise.
They passed through a street market, vendors hanging exotic creatures, strangely
colored gems, and horribly smelling hides up high, all claiming to come from the “Great Frontier”
spanning between the cities, a claim the young pair knew to likely be untrue, as these
discoveries probably came from the sewers beneath their feet.
The two silently glided through the crowd, separating and rejoining where convenient.
This was Silva’s specialty. Where people looked, conversation flew, laughter and bargaining,
Silva swam inbetween it all, like an eagle soaring, bobbing through trees, unnoticed. Liam was
always in awe, Silva was a master of disappearing,of being unnoticed, this was especially
annoying when he had to follow her. This time, luckily, they were following the same mark.
The car slowly pulled down another road, and another, and another. They followed for
about twenty minutes or so, Silva glad that the route was the same as the night before. They
found an alley adjacent to the building, and watched the three men enter. The larger two
shielding the smaller man on his way in.
“So they think he’s brainwashing people?” Silva questioned, turning towards the
alleyway. They were shielded from the rain by scaffolding, walkways, and the alley itself seemed
empty. The two began making the place their base of operations, Silva removing her jacket, and
Liam sending a message from his phone.
“Supposedly, the city is gonna vote on district council members.” Liam was still staring at
the building as Silva strapped her boots on, tying them with a jerking motion. “This guy, Karl
Dirk, is known to have cognitive abilities.”
“He can control a whole district?” Silva stood straight, she was shorter than Liam, but
standing straight, in her combat gear, he still felt intimidated.
“No, they think he’s got someone in there helping him.” Liam looked away, “Also, they
said that I need to take out Dirk.”
The mood shifted. Silva wanted to say something.
“I can d-”
“It’s fine.” Liam interrupted. “They said he brainwashed them so badly that they’ll only be
free once he’s dead.” Liam seemed uncomfortable, but that seemed to make him feel better.
After another ten minutes, two more figures appeared at the alley. An adult man, around
six feet tall, and another girl around Liam and Silva’s age. They both wore hoods, and had dark
clothes so as to not stick out. Taking their hoods down, the group acknowledged each other.
“Good job you two.” The man said, grinning and meeting the two’s eyes. “After this we
can finally get out of here.” He moved to Silva, placing his hand on her shoulder and crouching
to meet her face to face.
“I know, don’t do anything you wouldn’t do.” Silva was shaking. She had done this many
times before, but this time felt different. She didn’t like the whispers she heard from that building.
It felt like they were warning her to stay away.
“No more than five minutes, ‘kay?” The man had a stern, but not mean face. Silva
nodded to him, as he stepped back.
She stepped forward, the dim light of the alleyway receded from her, as she was
enveloped by shadow itself.
