When learning to fight, Silva thought it was a lost cause. The other kids could shoot fire
from their hands, or freeze you with a snap of their fingers, Silva could hide. Phi taught her that
hiding could be exactly what she needed. Within the shadows, Silva is not limited by things like
gravity, and her speed is nearly quadrupled. Silva is not able to interact with the normal world
while enveloped, but if something can pin down where she is, they can hurt her.
So, why not use that speed? Why not use timing, observation, and strategy? Silva took
to that lesson quickly, she began to have fun. Through years of training, she demonstrated a
strict determination. Through years of learning, she figured out how to make people tick.
“Where the hell did she go?” Dan pulled his phone out of his front pocket, as the taller
man started slowly walking towards where Silva had vanished, the room at the end of the hall.
Dan pulled a short, stubby pistol out of his jacket inner pocket, and clumsily aimed it forward,
turning the light of his phone on, and illuminating the hall.
Silva was already behind him, her shin nearly connecting with his head, when an
explosion came from the larger man's face, launching a laser between Silva and her prey, and
forcing her to retreat.
“She’s a fast little shit!” Halting the stream of heat from his eyes, after cutting a clean line
from the mid-wall to the ceiling. Nearly the second the light dimmed from the room, the bottom
of Silva’s combat boot filled the energetically inclined brother's vision, as she kicked him directly
in the nose.
“Better than a slow fat turd!” Silva landed on the man’s face, almost standing directly
vertical on his upturned neck, before kicking off again. As Silva made contact with the ceiling, it
was as if it wasn’t there. She sank into the inky dark encompassing the dilapidated apartments,
before emerging once again to strike the gun toting goon from below.
Silva’s foot connected with the little man's chin, sending him flying into the ceiling, before
the big guy grabbed her by the ankle. Bright, sparkling bullets fired blindly into the ceiling, as the
giant swung Silva over his head, and slammed her into the wall, cracking the foundation
inwards.
“Squashed the bug…” A spark lit his eyes, as a silent beam exploded from his face.
Another second passes before the noise of the blast fills the halls. The wall explodes inward
with the force, piercing a hole into the side of the building.
“Brian! Is she gone?” The tiny goon was still on the ground, when a silent fist flew into
the back of his head, knocking his face into the carpet.
“Guess not!” Brian began firing randomly throughout the halls, backing up to the
elevator. Hastily, he typed the code into the keypad. “I swear to god, I will blow up this elevator if
you follow me!” He slowly walked, his back stuck to the wall, to the center of the elevator. He
took ragged breaths, as the doors slid closed.
He waited about five seconds, the rumbling and shaking of the elevator brought him no
comfort.
“Thank god…” As he sighed, and leaned against the wall, the light flickered.
“Boo.” Was the last thing the man heard, as the butt of Silva’s knife collided with his
head. He collapsed onto the elevator floor. Silva stood above him, breathing heavily, as she
slumped against the wall, and waited for the doors to open.
*Ding*
Silva thought she fell asleep for a moment, she snapped back and found herself sitting
on the large man she had just battled in the hallway. She pulled herself to her feet, before
placing her finger to her ear.
“Copy? I’m okay, copy?” Silva waited a moment, but nothing came through. She must’ve
been pretty far down, the elevator ride was a bit long, but Silva lost time once the doors closed.
The dark hallway her carriage had opened upon made her feel no better, “No way but
forward…”
Piping lined the wall, Silva could hear the movement of some kind of liquid above her.
The hallway was entirely concrete, and there was a constant dripping sound. A sick feeling
washed over her, as she was beginning to think that she was in the sewer, and the sudden
smell of death confirmed it. Why would Dirk be down here? Wasn’t he brainwashing people to
win an election? There had been reports of a drug operation in the city as well, could this be
connected to that?
Silva was sorting these thoughts in her head when she came to a curve in the hall. In
front of her was a door, and to her left was a hall that looked to connect to the wider sewer
system. Karl was probably in here, but Silva still couldn’t sense him anywhere, let alone
whoever this helper of his was.
Silva shadow-stepped under the door, coming to a brutal sight. The small room was a
square, with desks lining the left and right walls. Old humming machines sat on these,
measuring data of some kind, screens all over showed charts and graphs, likely measuring the
behemoth in the center.
A silver, half teacup shaped chair sat in the center of the room. Above it was a large,
cylindrical metal shaft, covered in wires that covered the ceiling like roots and spread out
towards the sewers. On the chair sat a small girl, maybe thirteen or fourteen years old? Silva
was in shock, the girl wore a helmet, also sprouting wires that attached to the cylinder above
her. Silva noticed the girl looked malnourished, and her nose was bleeding. She stepped
forward to help, but gasped as she kicked the dead body of Karl Dirk.
“Oh my…” Silva put her hands in a triangle in front of her nose, the man was laying
sprawled out on the ground, as if something had punched him in the face, hard. She looked at
his face, and noticed his eyes were a dark red, blood streaming out of his nose and mouth. Silva
had seen this before, it was likely the girl was some sort of psychic.
That would explain the moon she had seen earlier, it may have been when this
happened. Silva took it as a warning at the time, but it may have been a coincidence, had Karl
come here to kill this girl? Did she react in self defense? Silva decided to ask the girl herself,
she slowly turned towards the girl.
“Hello!” She said, in a soft voice. “Can you hear me?” Silva slowly moved towards the
girl, her palms open in front of her. She made it to the cold, hard chair, how long had she been
here? A deep pit in her stomach had formed once she had seen the girl, but she couldn’t
understand what the shadows were saying.
Don’t wanna know Don’t do it Don’t do it Don’t wanna know
“I’m gonna get this helmet off now, okay?” Silva took the girl's opposite shoulder, she
could feel the girl breathing slowly. She must’ve passed out, Dirk was a psychic as well, so it
must have been a battle. Silva grabbed the front of the helmet, it seemed to be metal, and was
shaped like one of those old motorcycle helmets, with blank steel as goggles. She pulled the
helmet off, careful to not twist her neck.
Long black hair fell out, Silva expected the girl to wake from the movement, but it
seemed she was slowly rousing to consciousness. Silva studied her face, this didn’t make any
sense, this was her sister. Silva had never had a sister, but looking at this girl, she knew it was
her. The girl's eyes opened, revealing a bright violet color that matched Silva’s.
“Silva?” Her voice was blurry, who’s voice? Is this person my sister? I never had one
though, but this girl is my sis… Silva was caught in a loop. She felt herself actually sway back
and forth, her sister now trying to hold her up, as she fell deep into a coma of confusion.
