Fuck, it’s been awhile. I’m sitting here, enjoying my coffee and cigarette and remembered I have internet friends I gotta catch up with. Things have been getting a little wild, but hopefully everything has calmed enough I can finally tell you guys what’s been happening. 

Right, so from the point we left off, I was fucked. I may have been young, but I fully understood the gravity of the situation. Out of fear, or shock, or just the pain of seeing Lucy… Like that… I passed out. When I fell back, I never stopped falling, not for awhile at least. All I remember was Ben's cross gleaming in the fire lit cavern that Honeysickle had nestled herself in. I fell and fell, seemingly into the flames of Hell, but not yet. No, that would come much later.

Falling isn’t nearly as scary as we make it out to be. It’s one of the few times we can just let go, just allow fate to take us, because we can’t change the result. I was ready for that, seeing Lucy like that made me ready to let go. I was collapsing, spiraling into what I perceived to be the end. All of the pain, it was only bearable because of her. She gave me a reason to fight on, a reason to keep enduring it, because I had to be there for her. Until that very moment, Lucy was my reason to live, and I had just lost that.

To Honeysickle.

That vile, horrible bitch had stolen her from me. The one person I loved, the one thing that allowed me to feel connected to this world, swiped away by her. It was so unfair, it was evil, god it still gets to me. Even now I get sick to the thought of Alice’s claws on her. Now cannot compare, though, to the fury I felt in that moment. I wanted to bring the wrath of god on her, just like I did Dad. His knees didn’t look so good when I jumped outta Lucy’s closet swinging his Baseball Bat. The fucker tried sneaking into her room the night before, but he was piss drunk and woke Mom up on his way there.

Sorry, I got a bit emotional. I feel like I’m rambling now. I really should just delete that part, but I feel like it paints a better picture. I was willing to do anything to protect Lucy, it even got CPS to finally check the situation out. I was lucky that Mom and Dad weren’t good at hiding evidence, otherwise I probably would’ve just been thrown in juvie, and Lucy would still be alive. Not worth thinking about now I suppose.

I looked down, towards my doom. All I could see was black, a deep empty. Closing my eyes, I embraced whatever was coming, engulfed by the flames of hate.

My face collided with the wooden floor, then my body followed suit. Slowly, I opened my eyes and found myself in the bunk room of Honeysickle’s. Sunlight shone through the small circular window Ben and I had used to sneak to the rooftop at night, bathing the room and allowing me to study my surroundings. All of the bunks were empty, I was alone. This was disproven quickly, as movement from Lucy's bunk scared the shit outta me. I pulled myself to my feet, and cautiously peered over the side railing to discover Ben was in her bed.

Ben’s left eye was wrapped in bandages, parting his curly orange locks, and wrapping around his head. Sheets were covering most of Ben’s body, but I could tell his arm had been broken and splinted, his chest had been wrapped in bandages, and his face was covered in shallow lacerations. Observing all of this, what I noticed most was the quiet breathe leaving him. Ben was alive, and in that moment, that was all that mattered.

Barely a minute had passed, when suddenly a barrage of footsteps began thundering up the stairs. Darting my eyes at the door, ten crying children exploded into the room, tears falling rolling down their faces. They tackled me, wailing “Edward!” and “Why were you on the roof?”

Knocked into the bunk bed, I found myself in a massive group bear-hug. “I… hey not so tight guys…” I uttered, trying to escape. I had just regained my footing when she entered the room.

Alice Honeysickle seemed to strut into the room, her smug face restored to that of a young twenty something. Alice’s Tunic now only covered right above her ankles, she seemingly gained a few inches. Straight, black hair now fell from her head instead of the wispy grey that veiled her once glazed, now dazzling blue eyes. Still peering into me, those eyes took on a newfound feeling of superiority. Suddenly, I felt not only her hunger, but a sense of challenge coming from her gaze. It felt like her eyes were declaring her ownership of me, and it was even more terrifying than before. Escorted by Kujo, the creature which resembled a dog, she crooned “Ah Edward, finally awake.”

I drove myself against the bunk bed, yelling “Get away from me!” My sudden recoil startled all of the children, stepping back and eyeing me with concern. Alice smirked, “Oh children don’t be afraid, he’s just confused.” She began advancing towards me, “It was a startling fall, and Ben took the brunt of it.” The words left her lips like a dagger aimed at my heart.

A hand from above me fell to my shoulder, “Ed…” Ben struggled out, “Ed it’s… Okay…”

Alice instructed the Children to leave, informing them that we needed to discuss roof safety. The clatter of their feet was accompanied by whispers of worry on my behalf. “Did he hit his head?” Sarah muttered to a boy named Samuel, who responded with a shrug. Alice waited for the band of children to leave, before she slowly closed the door, and looked me dead in the eyes. My heart sank to my stomach, I had witnessed this woman murder my sister, and I was defensless in her presence.

“We need to discuss,” Honeysickle purred, “What you two witnessed last night.” Ben had forced himself into a sitting position, his head grazing the ceiling, facing the devil.

“I already told you…” The words were struggling to leave his mouth, “We won’t tell them, so long as you keep your promise.” My eyes shot back and forth, between Ben and Honeysickle. Finally, Alice looked a little human, her fake smile falling to a sneer.

“Of course, you two won’t be harmed.” She seemed to take satisfaction in that statement, as if that’s what she wanted all along. “I’ve grown quite fond of the two of you, honestly, I have!” She laughed, not the chuckle she had used when Ramone told her one of his favorite jokes, not the quiet giggle that escaped her when Phil tripped and fell in the mud, but the laugh of a predator who’s trapped her prey.

“Ha-Hang on,” I interjected, “What are you talking about?”

Honeysicke’s eyes narrowed onto me, “Oh poor Ed, always so shaken.” She began to wander towards the window at the end of the room, never breaking eye contact with me. “Ben and I have made a deal.” Her nimble fingers slowly reached towards the window, “So long as you two keep quiet about last night,” She opened the window, eyeing a dew coated web, “you needn’t worry about being harmed.” Swiftly, she plucked the Spider from the center of the web. Honeysickle held the wriggling creature at face level, still facing Ben and I. “But,” Honeysickle hissed, “if you do let it slip…” She placed the Spider on her tongue, before swiftly biting down on it with a startling crunch. “I’ll have to “Adopt you” out…” Honeysickle taunted us, before smirking, revealing a set of razor sharp teeth.

Honeysickle made a swift exit, leaving Ben and I to discuss what the fuck we had just witnessed. Five minutes of deafening silence passed before Ben whispered “I don’t trust her.”

I turned to face Ben, and prompted “No shit.” Both Ben and I began to smile, before letting out a tense laugh, which slowly devolved into deep sobs. We began to mourn our lost siblings, confiding in one another, as we found ourselves in a hell only each other could understand.

Over the next few weeks, Ben started the slow process of healing his wounds. I never left his side, unless it was to help cook. Alice had told the other kids we fell off the roof, and our punishment was to take on extra chores. Of course, Ben couldn’t move, so these chores fell onto me. Usually I was forced to cut more vegetables, or cook all the eggs, things that involved more kitchen work. Sometimes, however, I was tasked with hardier tasks, like raking the entire property. These jobs usually took me about three hours, which was agonising, since that meant Ben was alone in the Church. I rushed these jobs, I didn’t trust the bitch. Usually, I could bribe the other children into helping me with extra food at dinner. It took about a month for Ben to be back on his feet, and our expeditions to the woods followed soon after.

Ben’s arm hadn’t completely healed yet, meaning he couldn’t race through the trees like he once could. This meant we walked most days through the woods, the only place we were sure Honeysickle couldn’t hear us before we heard her. That was when we’d discuss our next move, escape.

On the first day he could leave, Ben and I walked for what could only have been twenty minutes. We walked to our favorite clearing, where the hemlocks parted, and a single apple tree stood among a field of green. Sunlight shrouded in clouds of fall, the cold October wind fought to reach us. Ben leaned on me, his leg wasn’t fully healed. It was comforting,because I was cold. Ben had recently broken out his Father's Military Jacket. I guess he died in the war, but Ben didn’t talk much about it. Ben propped himself up against the apple tree, before looking to me, as I stared deeply into the clouds. At the time, I was wondering if Lucy would love the clouds. She always loved the smell of rain.

“We gotta run,” Ben stated “as far as we can.” I was shaken out of my trance.

“What about the other kids?” I responded. Ben looked to me, eyes hinting at sorrow.

“We have to be reasona-”

“I’m not leaving them!” The words violently escaped my mouth. Ben looked to me, shocked.

“Look,” placing his still functioning hand on my arm, Ben peered into my eyes. “We can try, but they aren't as fast as us. They don’t understand the danger we’re in.” He became blurry, as my eyes began to water.

“I’m not leaving them, Ben.” I stated, choking back tears. “Not like Ramone, not like Lucy…” Ben looked unstable, face teetering on anger and fear.

“What are you gonna do?” Came a shaky voice. Ben’s grip on my arm became tighter, stepping towards me. “You can’t save everyone Ed!”

I felt it in my stomach, the warmth began to burn again. The heat began crawling up me, always climbing its way to my face. I was sick of it, being weak to the whims of those smug fucks. Dad, Honeysickle, it didn’t matter. They were all just self important bullies in my mind. I wasn’t gonna be beaten down again, I promised myself that long ago. When I hid in Lucy’s closet, I made that pact with myself. Nobody was ever gonna hurt me again, and get away with it.

“I’m gonna kill her.” Ben’s eyes widened. “I’m gonna break her down, show her she isn’t as scary as she thinks she is.” Slowly, Ben’s face turned from anger to terror. He let go of my arm, and stepped back. “I’ll break every bone in her body, I don’t care what it costs me. I’ll give everything to show that bitch that she can’t just steal from me, and get away with it.” I felt the corner of mouth, now wet with the drops escaping my eyes, stretch into what must’ve been a worrying sight. Ben’s face said what he was thinking, he was scared for me.

***

The fall winds turned cold and splintering, rain turned to snow, and holes in clothing felt like a death sentence. Ben had finally healed enough to be put to work, and put to work he was. Honeysickle had set us on a dust massacre, the gray light illuminated her slender finger as she ran it along the powdery railing of the stairs, and brought it up into view. “If I find even an inkling,” she purred, “It’s one finger from the both of you, understood?” We stood glaring at her from the bottom of the stairs. “I’ll take that as a yes.” Honeysickle seemed to glide to the top of the staircase, before disappearing from view.

“Think she’ll still send us to get coats this year?” Ben inquired, on his hands and knees collecting dust from under the fridge. We had worked our way around the staircase, and moved into the kitchen. Usually, we saved the dining room for last because it was the largest room in the house. Ben and Ramone had been sent to town every year to collect coats from the school. These coats had been donated by parents who cared enough to give us their used and useless clothing, but not enough to actually do anything. (I’ll admit, I’m a bit bitter when it comes to well off families.) Since Ramone had been “Adopted” that made me the second oldest, so I’d have to go to help Ben carry the haul back from town.

“I don’t see why not.” I was standing on the sink adjacent to the fridge, trying to get the grime from atop the cabinets. “She knows we can’t tell anybody, they’d think we’re crazy…” I jumped from the sink, having slaughtered all of the Dust-Bunnies I could find. “Besides,” I turned to face Ben, “You’re not fully healed. You’ll need help.”

Ben stood and started to say something, before confusion struck him suddenly. “Ed,” he stepped closer, “Are you taller than me?” He placed his hand atop curly orange hair and glided it towards me, stopping at the top of my forehead.

I laughed, “Maybe you’re shrinking!” This seemed to aggravate Ben.

“That’s not fair!” Ben half-shouted. “You’re only nine! I’m eleven I can’t be shorter than you!”

“My birthday was last month.” I stated matter-of-factly. This seemed to confuse Ben.

“It was? Why didn’t you tell me?” He leaned his hand on his hip and looked at me dazzlingly. “Ten is a big birthday!”

“What do you mean?” I was staring at him, trying to read his face. “Birthdays are just days, right?”

This almost seemed to offend Ben, he stepped closer and shouted “What!? You’re supposed to celebrate your birthday!” Excitement spread across his face, “I need to get you a gift! When we go to town I’ll find you something cool!”

“You don’t have to do th-” I whispered

“Nope!” Ben reached into his pocket, and pulled out a ten dollar bill. “I’ve been savin’ up my allowance for awhile, I was gonna get this huge comic I saw last year.” Ben was talking faster than his mouth could accommodate, “But if we’re runnin soon, I prolly won’t have time to read it anyway. I’ll get you somethin awesome!”

I was frozen, I stared at Ben hoping he would stop. I felt guilty. “No, no get the comic!” I uttered. I was becoming nervous, and my eyes were watering. “I don’t deserve-”

Ben practically tackled me, wrapping his arms around me. “It’s fine,” he said, “I already said I’m gonna, so I’m gonna.”

***

A few days later, Ben and I found ourselves standing in the office of Honeysickle. Strong perfume invaded our noses, as we observed the bookshelves. Books sat, with what I assumed at the time to be nonsense printed on their spines. Titles such as “The Layman's Guide to Beelzebubology” and “The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch.” Honeysickle sat at her desk, filling out the paperwork for the coat donations. Placing the pen on the old wooden desk with a quiet clatter, she looked to us, crossing her fingers obscuring her mouth from view. “Boys,” she muttered in a flat voice, “I’m hoping you understand the level of trust I’m putting into you two.” The two of us turned towards her and stood at attention.

“We understand.” Ben stated. “We won’t say a word to anybody, nobody would believe us anyway.” Honeysickle seemed to be delighted by this.

“Good, good…” She gestured to the door pointing at it, then curling her thin finger towards her. A clack came from the door, then it slowly expanded inward, revealing a large furry mass.

Kujo

“I’ll be sending Kujo along, to... Escort you.” Kujo ran around us to sit next to Honeysickle, the click-clacking of his paws filling the awkward silence of the stuffy office. “He’s going to make sure you don't slip up, you may still explore the town.” She moved her hand under the desk, rolling open a drawer, and shuffling through the contents, to reveal two ten dollar bills. “Get yourselves something nice, I know there’s a bookstore somewhere in this shithole…”

This surprised Ben and I, ever since that hellish night, she bad been nothing but taunting towards us. Every second the children were distracted, we had been shot a smirk, a look saying “I own you, and you know it.” All of a sudden, we were given the relative freedom to go around town and buy whatever we liked?

“Um…” I stuttered, “Thanks Alice.” I stepped forward to retrieve the money laid on the desk, when suddenly a pen was forced into the wood next to my hand. A claw wrapped itself around my collar, and suddenly I was face-to-face with the spider like profile of Honeysickle. Her mouth split from ear to ear, her pupils took the shape of hourglasses, taking a hue of crimson. “If I hear,” Her voice sounded like the collection of many, multiple tones were being spewed at me “You two acted strange at all…” Her tongue hung from her mouth, between rows upon rows of sharp fangs, coiling towards my frightened expression. Tongue stretching, she licked me from chin to forehead, leaving drool in its path. “I’ll devour you whole.” A force collided with my chest, pushing me into Ben’s arms.

Recovering my balance, I looked up and came to see the face of Alice. Human as she ever was, she clicked her tongue, “I’ve heard J.K. Rowling released the last Harry Potter book, I quite liked those…” I was shaking, covered in sweat, and ready to collapse. Ben stepped forward, grabbed the bills, and lead me out of the room.

Just before exiting the office, Ben stopped in the doorway. Without turning his head, Ben stated “Want us to grab some makeup? Whatever you’re using isn’t hiding those wrinkles.” Ben stepped out of the door and slammed it behind him. Staring at him making his way towards the door, I was stunned. The silence was shattered by the sound of fists colliding with wood behind the office door.

Ben put on his Dad’s service jacket, pulling it from the coat rack placed next to the main entrance. He looked to me, throwing my outgrown jacket from last year. I attempted to catch it, but was stiff from the scene in Honeysickle’s office. It fell to the floor, and so did I to retrieve it. I began to sob as I was on the floor, losing all composure. I hadn’t realized how stressed I was until that moment. I felt the weight of Ramone and Lucy, not to mention the unknown number of children taken before them. I had to kill her, but I was so powerless.

“Hey, come on.” Ben’s hand rested on my shoulder as he leaned down, cooing, “It’ll be okay, I’ve thought about it, we just have to wait until she’s old again.” I raised my gaze to meet his, he was smiling unconvincingly at me. “Then we can run, she can’t catch us like that.”

A creaking came from down the hall, the office door slowly inched open. Kujo came running down the hall and sat in front of us, still unbreathing, still unsettling. Ben helped me to my feet. “Come on,” Ben commanded, “Let’s go.”

Every few months, Alice would take us to town. I had probably made the trip 5 or 6 times, but I never got the path down to memory. I’m still a fucking idiot when it comes to directions, you could give me a map and I’d get lost on my way to the kitchen. Luckily, Ben knew the way to town, all of the forks and turning roads, he knew. He was so reliable. Ben and I walked next to each other, while Kujo trailed behind us. If not for the occasional side glance, I would have guessed he had run off.

About 45 minutes passed, and we left the dirt trail and stepped onto the main road of the town. Our small town was essentially a stretch buildings, businesses, selling to anybody passing through to better places. Twenty or so structures dotted a highway that stretched from one interesting place to another, with our town placed squarely in the center so that any traveler can say “Ah finally, boredom.”

Ben and I walked the sidewalks towards the school house. We passed the post office and the diner, both having seen better days. The post office was a small square building, with a single window next to the glass door, revealing a desk. At the desk sat a middle age woman who looked like she was more concerned with counting her fingers than the packages piled behind her. Beyond the post office, sat the diner. The door to the diner was propped open, emanating the scent of pancakes into the streets. A letter on the sign flickered in a chaotic fashion. (The name will remain a secret, you understand ;P).

Eventually, we hit the chain link fence surrounding the ancient school house. The building was used for grades K-12, and it showed. Paint peeling off the walls, windows cracked, and a rusty playground expressed the mileage of the building. Ben pushed the fence gate ajar, and we stepped onto the gravel path, which paved the way towards the the large wooden doors.

The three of us stepped inside the large doors. A long hallway lined with hundreds of lockers, and dotted with doors to classrooms that housed crooked chalk boards and 3-legged desks, guided us towards the schools main office. Once we entered, I noticed the room smelled suspiciously of cigarette smoke. We stepped into the office, and the woman behind the front desk suddenly sucked in, turning to face us from the window she had been leaning against.

“Business?” She said in a pained voice, obviously holding her breath.

“We’re here for the coats, for Honeysickle’s.” Ben asserted, in a tone that suggested he wasn’t fooled by the woman's act.

She raised a wrinkled hand, pointing towards a cardboard box in the corner. I stepped forward, squatted, and hoisted it up, resting on my chest. Suddenly, the front desk shook, as the attendant turned and coughed behind her, smoke rising from the ground.

“You might wanna wave that away,” Sighed Ben, “It could set off the-”

Scree Scree Scree Scree

Ben, Kujo and I ran outside, being drenched by the sprinklers on the ceiling. Luckily, it was a Saturday, so only about five people (and a Dog) were in the building. Everyone was shivering in the cold November air, being serenaded in the music of screeching sirens. We stood there, shivering for about five minutes, when a dinky old police car pulled up to a halt on the curb. A rotund, out of breath man in a sheriff’s uniform hauled his large body in our direction.

“What ha… Happened here?” He huffed, we immediately felt the blame fall to us.

“The fire alarm just went off, we have no idea why.” Ben seemed to understand that we would be implicated, and tried to throw suspicion off of us. “We’re from Honeysickle’s, we came to get the coats from the drive.” I raised my arms, still holding the now drenched winter coats.

“Oh, you the orphans from the woods?” He stood straight, nearly the same height as me. His breathe seemingly returning to him, and his suspicion seemingly being thrown off of his, he looked towards the three adults chattering in the yard. The attendant who had set the alarm off stepped forward.

“Sorry,” She mumbled, “I leaned against the fire alarm when I was showing them where the coats were.” She shot us a pleading look, and we nodded in agreement with her story.

“Aw, that’s the third time this year Beth.” The Sheriff seemed disappointed, maybe he wanted to see some action. I could imagine being a small town cop could be boring as hell, and he wanted to see a school ablaze just to satiate boredom.

“Weell, now that you got your coats, I can take you back to Honeysickle’s!” The Sheriff exclaimed. “The name’s Ted.” Ted stuck his hand towards me, before realizing I didn’t have hands to shake. Ben stepped in front of me, and took his hand into his own.

“I’m Ben, and this is Ed.” Ben placed his hand on my shoulder.

“Good to meet you, Ted.” I said, nodding my head in his direction.

“We were actually hoping to hit up the bookstore, but thank you-” Ben was cut off.

“Oh I know where that is!” Ted nearly shouted at us. “I wouldn’t mind showing you guys around,” Ted got closer to me and Ben and whispered, “I’m quite an avid reader ma’self.” He turned and started towards his car, “Let’s go!”

Ben and I looked at each other, confusion in our faces. Finally, Ben shrugged, “Could be fun!” and headed towards the car. I looked to Kujo, before realizing he was already halfway to the fence.

I started walking to the car, when loud screeching tires skidded to a stop. A tiny red Fire Truck had stopped just before slamming into Ted’s car. “Jesus Will!” Ted screamed, “Watch the fuckin road!”

* * *

Ted’s car was obviously old, you could tell from the outside. What you couldn’t tell from the outside, was that Ted had been living in this car for years. Maybe not literally, but the amount of wrappers and cups inside showed he had eaten every meal inside for the last five years. Ben squatted down to fit into the passenger’s seat, and Ted plopped down into the driver’s seat. I placed the box of coats on the center backseat, separating Kujo and I. Staring through the bars between the front and back, I listened to small talk between Ben and Ted.

“So, how long have you guys been at Honeysickle’s?” Ted questioned. “I never get to go up there, I would hope a tiny orphanage wouldn’t have many problems!” Ted let out a chuckle, I’d imagine he wouldn't be laughing had he known what was really going on.

“Hehe, yeah.” Ben laughed awkwardly “Well, I’ve been here for about four years. Ed’s been here comin up on a year and a half or so.” Seemingly, Ben didn’t know what to say after this. Being a kid sitting in a sheriff’s car can do that to you. The authority seems to scare you, as if you’re supposed to act a certain way, but you have no fucking idea what you’re supposed to do.

The ride was only about five minutes, but felt like forever. The tension in the car was strange, there was no reason to be tense, but we were. We arrived at an old brick building, “Book Store” was literally printed on top of the glass door. The building seemed to double as a home, as the second floor had two windows with flowers planted outside. As we exited the car, Ted turned to us.

“Now boys,” Ted bent forward, as if to be face to face with us, without seeming to realize we were the same height. “Mrs. Ross doesn’t allow dogs inside her store.” We followed his hand at it pointed to the NO ANIMALS sign.

“Okay!” Ben exclaimed proudly. He turned to the front door, not even glancing at Kujo, who had put his paws up against the window and began to bark. Ted seemed confused at Ben’s enthusiasm. I gave him an awkward shrug, and headed in myself.

The bookstore was a paradise, Ben and I often found ourselves escaping to the world of literature.I guess when you’re living in a nightmare, escaping to the world of wizards and knights is a welcome window into imagination. The front of the bookstore was decorated with paper wizard hats and plastic wands, set about a table were stacks of “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows” copies. Behind the table, rows and rows of bookshelves plateaued to the balcony which overlooked the store. Opposing staircases on either end of the store surrounded the main entrance.

Ben and I began looking through every shelf, pulling what must’ve been hundreds of bound books off the shelf and reading the summaries. Ted sauntered over to the elderly owner of the shop, and began telling her the story of his strange day. Ben and I paid the two no mind, we were too busy looking for our next escape from Honeysickle.

“Look at this one.” Ben pointed at a black book, a doll looking girl holding a candlestick stood under the title “Coraline”. Ben picked up the book and flipped through, “Yeah I’ve heard of this one, I think Ramone told me about it…”

“Ah.” I said, my eyes drifting to the window that peered out of the shop, Kujo stood in the police car. We met eyes, but I looked away. My eyes began to once again drift, falling on Ted’s revolver.

Ted was leaning against the bookshop’s front desk, discussing whatever it was small town folk talk about. Ted’s revolver though, that caught my eye. The way Ted leaned forward, it stuck out from his belt. That’s right, in this town, they had hip holsters, as if this was some Clint Eastwood spaghetti western. You’d think we weren’t in the middle of fucking nowhere Washington, and in the middle of some gold rush state in the 1800’s. Either way, the fact that I could seemingly reach out and grab it had me distracted. So I didn’t see the cover of “Coraline” coming right for my face.

“Pay attention.” Ben demanded. I began rubbing my face, the point of impact felt hot.

“That was rude.”

“I can tell when you aren’t listening to me.” Ben laughed, and I cracked a reluctant grin. “So, you want this one?”

“Oh, like I said, don’t buy me anything!” I said, feeling the blood rush to my face.

“Too late, this is it!” Ben nearly skipped to the front desk. “Only one condition, I get to read it when you’re done!” I half-ran after him.

“Ha, okay. I’m a slow reader though!”

We purchased the book, my eyes glancing at Ted's revolver throughout most of the transaction. I imagined myself grabbing it, slowly pulling it from it’s holster, and stashing it in my pant’s. I began sweating, and my breath quickened. My heartbeat became nearly deafening. Slowly I raised my hand, darting my eyes to Ben and the cashier, Ted seemed distracted by the transaction. My eyes were hazy, I couldn’t make out the words being said.

And it was over.

Ben looked at me, bag in hand. “Alright! It’s yours!.” Thrusting the bag at me.

My chance had escaped me, dread filled my lungs. Looking at the bag however, brought me comfort. This was my first gift, from my first friend.

Ted led us out of the store, and back into his police car. After sitting, Kujo began sniffing me, and a thorough search began. The fun feeling dogs usually give, the excited energy devoid here. Kujo seemed satisfied with his search, and sat back down for the ride home.

Ted followed the winding road back to Honeysickle’s, asking Ben and I for directions along the way. Upon finally arriving, Honeysickle sat on the porch, and greeted Ted.

“Well hello there miss, Honeysickle around?” Ted asked, obviously confused at the sight of a young woman. Honeysickle stood up, and met us in the center of the trail to the house.

“Oh, hello Ted!” Honeysickle greeted Ted in a flirtatious fashion. “We’ve met before, I’m Honeysickle’s niece. Alice.”

“Oh yeah, yeah.” Ted quite obviously didn’t remember. Feigning recognition, the two talked. Ted explained how he came upon us, and that we were two very well behaved boys.

“Oh yes,” Alice exclaimed in a long drawl, “They’re my favorite.” It was like we could feel Alice licking her lips.

Eventually, Ted left us and we returned inside. The other kids meeting us in the hall, and pulling the coats out and trying them on. It was a happy moment, clutching my book, seeing my siblings ecstatic at their used coats. These moments, in that time were rare. Joy felt so fleeting, and I knew that it was not going to last.

We all went to bed soon after, dinner was half eating, half strutting around and showing our new coats to one another. Honeysickle sat at the head of the table and watched the children, I felt hunger coming from her eyes.

***

A few months passed, I got through most of the book. A creeping feeling of familiarity came from it, I guess I felt like I could relate. About six months passed, Ben and I began training in the woods. We ran for hours, mostly in circles. If we weren’t running, we did pull ups on tree branches. Over this time, Alice began to deteriorate once again. Her hair thinned, her stature shortened, and her face cracked into wrinkles once again. One night in June, Ben and I snuck onto the roof again. We stared at the stars, thinking of the coming escape.

“I almost took Ted’s revolver…” I admitted. Guilt was following me, and I needed to let him know.

“That would’ve been dumb.” Ben stated in a matter-of-fact tone. He laid down on the roof, taking a moment, he wasn’t fully healed yet and was trying to hide it.

“Yeah… But if I can get it, we might stand a chance.” I was looking at the cloudy sky. The full moon lit us well, but the cold forced us to bring our blankets onto the roof with us. At this point, we didn’t care if Alice discovered us. The new deal between us gave Ben and I more freedom, but a feeling of looming terror.

“Maybe, but that should be a last-” Ben was interrupted, a somewhat loud noise came from the bedroom. Ben and I looked at each other, before scrambling to the window we clambered out of. Looking in, the room seemed darker than usual. Walls lined with sleeping children led to the only light source. I yellow glow from the ceiling wrapped around Alice, as she led Sarah through the door and closed it.

Ben and I exploded into the room, “No, no, no…” Ben whispered. Slowly, we opened the door, and creeped to the stairs leading to the front door. We watched as the door to Honeysickle’s office shut. That horrible perfume invading or noses. We practically ran to the kitchen, pacing and discussing what to do.

“We need to stop her… I don’t know… I don’t… “ An idea struck me like a truck. I looked to Ben, “Turn the oven on, highest setting.”

Ben did so, as I ran upstairs. I nearly slammed the door on entering the bedroom, sensing stirring in the other kids. That was fine, they’d need to be awoken soon. Searching my bed for something hard, I eventually found it. “Coraline” by Neil Gaiman. After grabbing it, I turned around and ran back to Ben.

“Open it!” Ben did so, throwing open the hot oven. I pulled back, and throw the book as hard as I could into the oven.

BOOM

Bam

Bam

The book rang around the oven, just sitting there mostly. I felt a little embarrassed. We waited for around five minutes, before the book caught fire. Smoke began leaking out of the oven, and reached the fire alarm, and suddenly the house was filled with noise. Ben and I ran to the hall, staring at the door to Honeysickle’s office. Time slowed to a crawl, as we waited, baited breathes.

One second…

Two seconds…

Three seconds with the fire alarm blaring, I began turning my head to Ben, when the door exploded open and there she was. Within a second, she closed the distance between us, wrapping her long, sharp tipped fingers around my neck. She lifted me to her eye level, which was probably about three feet off the ground. Slamming me into the front door, I could see her eyes had many iris’, seemingly stuffed into one pupil. Drool hung from her large, gaping maw, and her long spider-like limbs held me in place.

“You… Wretched…” She growled in her words, many voices pierced my skull. Her violent eyes peered deep into me, cutting my soul open. I felt the fear grasping my heart, already having difficulty breathing, I was also being choked from within.

But the fire began burning the fear, I felt flame lick from inside my stomach. Rage, in my heart, filled me. Grabbing her arm, I pulled my legs up, and kicked Honeysickle in the jaw. Shrieking, Honeysickle dropped me to the ground, recoiling.

Eventually, Honeysickle pulled herself from her pain, and wound her arm back. She was about to lunge, aiming for my throat. Jaw split at the chin, gnarling her long sharp teeth. Hunched towards me, she released towards me.

“Alice?” a voice came from the office.

Alice’s face cringed, then swirled itself into something resembling a human. She turned to meet eyes with Sarah, holding her blanket in her small hands. Footsteps came from upstairs, followed by the questioning shouts from the other kids. Alice shot me a burning, hateful glance.

“Alright kids, everybody onto the front lawn!” Alice shouted, a strange cheerfulness in her voice.

***

Within minutes, the fire truck was on the front lawn. Two men clad in orange ran inside the building. All of us stood on the front lawn, all half dressed, all so tired. Ben and I stood on the other side of the lawn from Honeysickle, the gaggle of children between us.

“You okay?” Ben whispered to me, stepping a bit closer.

“Yeah, it felt good to kick her…” I wasn’t blinking very much, the smoke running from the building had a beautiful quality to it. I felt amazing, I didn’t even care that Honeysickle’s eyes never left us. It seemed she was trying to burn us with her gaze, until Ted arrived to check up on the place.

“I think that means war.” Ben smirked, I could tell he was nervous.

“Don’t worry,” I stood up from my cross legged position, and placed my hand on Ben’s shoulder.

“She’s weak now,” I met Ben’s eyes. “She can’t chase us if she’s withering away.”

“Ha, I guess you’re right.” Ben sat down on the lawn, I sat back down next to him. It felt good, being shoulder to shoulder with my brother. Our first victory, and the beginning of our escape.

WELL, THAT TOOK FOR FUCKING EVER. Sorry, life’s been a bit complicated lately. I swear the next one won’t take 9 months to come out. Please forgive me, I know that’s easy to ask but for real, we’re almost at the end now. See you soon <3.
