Well, if I’m being honest, I’m not sure why I’m writing this.

My Boss gifted me this laptop, he’s always berating me in his scottish tongues for reading, spewing “Ya spend more hours with yer head in a book, might as well write one yerself.” I could’ve brought up how he’s always got a bottle in his hand, but I’m not actually sure if that’s racist or not. He’s a feisty son of a bitch, but I owe him a lot. The only thing that came to mind was a bit of an autobiography. What do I know better than the shit I’ve done myself?

So the beginning, that’s always the hardest part isn’t it? I guess in the beginning we were in Idaho, I’m not gonna specify where so one of you psychos can find out who I am. I’ve heard of guys being identified with less, so that’s all you’re getting! But in Idaho lived a happy little family, one where Dad stays out late, Mom’s always got a drink in her hand, and the young boy and girl are usually covered in bruises that Mommy and Daddy claim came from an active lifestyle of falling down the stairs and walking into doors.

I was eight when CPS finally checked the place out and realised they royally fucked up by ignoring our situation. I’m not mad it took them so long to take me and Lucy out of there, I’m mad about where they sent us.

After a month, we were finally settled down in the middle of butt-fuck-nowhere Washington. Our agent assumed that the quiet countryside would be nice for us considering our violent origins. The town we were sent to was one of those “everyone knows everyone” places. One diner, post office, you get the deal. About a mile from the town, atop a hill sat a church. The sun was consistently shrouded by the overcast of the Pacific Northwest. This holy house of hell had peeling paint, shingles that looked like they’d been hit by a tornado, and a faded sign that read “Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate.”

It took a 30 minute plane ride, 2 hours of being crammed in the back of a cab with six year old Lucy and our obese agent Fred, and a 45 minute walk to get to Honeysickle’s. Fred waddled his way up to the front entrance, giant chapel doors, and rapped the surface with with his knuckles. Slowly, the doors creaked outwards, and suddenly about fourteen kids rushed outside. Lucy and I were startled, but excited. Nobody had ever been this ecstatic to be around us, all of the kids running around us excitedly. “Are you our new brother and sister?” questioned a four year old girl I would later learn was named Sarah. I was about to respond, when she peered out from behind the door.

Mrs. Honeysickle was a tall, spider like woman. Her graying hair fell below her shoulders like a wisp webbing, face wrinkled with the signs of a lifetime of laughing, and the corneas of her eyes whitened with the infinite knowledge of time. Shrouded in a black robe, with a cross hanging from her neck, she was the spitting image of an old religious woman who spent the remainder of her life raising children who had no other opportunities. She was endearing, she was kind, and I hated her immediately. Back then I couldn’t place it, why I was appalled by her, but now I know.

First she looked to Lucy, squinting her eyes and with a smile saying “Oh what a pretty little girl you are.” Lucy blushed, stepping closer to me and squeaking “Thank you Ma’am.” Then her gaze set upon me, and her eyes widened. That was it, that was what disturbed me about her. With the other kids, she could easily hide her hunger, but not me. With me her eyes showed a want, a NEED to devour me. I’m sorry, I’m getting ahead of myself here.

“My oh my, what a handsome young man…” I didn’t respond, I couldn’t find the courage. Fred teetered towards us, “Remember what we practiced in the car kiddos?” Lucy started hopping back and forth and nearly shouted “It’s nice to meet you Ma’am! My name is Lucy and I’m 6 years old!” Honeysickle seemed pleased by this, responding with a “It is very nice to meet you Lucy, my name is Mrs. Honeysickle, but you may call me Alice.” She looked towards me, inquiring “And you, young man?” I began shaking, similar to a puppy standing in front of a snarling bear. “Um, Ed… My name is Ed… Ma’am…” Fred raised his eyebrow at me. “Oh Ed, what a strong name, you may also call me Alice if it puts you at ease.” Again Fred stared at me, seeing this as a chance to redeem myself. “Thank you Alice… I appreciate you taking us in.” I almost passed out at this point, only barely able to hold on to consciousness. Fred seemed pleased, so I considered myself in the clear.

Honeysickle’s tarantula hands spread as she creeped towards us for an embrace. A chill ran down my spine, I was in a state of shock that bewildered me. I stood frozen as she wrapped me and Lucy in her arms, Lucy jumped into it. She smelled as though she had been soaking in a tub of perfume, the kind an elegant woman wears to a ball, but so overpowering it burned my nostrils. At this, all the other children cheered and joined in the affection. I was suffocated, I looked to Fred hoping, praying he would see the terror in my expression, to no avail. “Well, it looks like these two are in good hands!” he said with a smirk and a chuckle. Fucking Fred, he was so damn proud of himself.

In a daze, I followed behind Lucy as Honeysickle showed us around the Church. Lucy's warm little hand the only comfort I could find in the situation. We were shown the Kitchen, which was right next to the Chapel which served double as a dining room. Tables were leaned against the walls, and the benches were facing forward for morning scripture. After gawking at the mosaic above the podium (and almost forgetting my terror for a split second), we were led up the stairs to the massive bedroom. Along the sides were about ten bunk beds, Lucy and I were informed we would be sharing the one closest to the door. Fred took the opportunity to budge in with a “Easier access to the bathroom!” comment.

Honeysickle’s sharp fingers rested on my shoulder, “Of course.” she rattled, “Any comfort for our beautiful new additions.” Her words felt like an electric shock to my spine. Realising I wasn’t going to be able to escape, I feigned a smile and shakily said “Thank you for your kindness Ma’am.” I swear the bitches eyes almost rolled to the back of her head, she took a second to recompose herself. “And he’s so polite too…” she looked to Fred, “Well I think we can take them off your hands, I believe their papers should be here within the month, correct?” Fred seemed filled with satisfaction, “Of course Ma’am! I’ll even double check for ya!” After that, Fred shook her hand and within ten minutes he was gone. I watched Fred from the window until he was beyond the forest that surrounded the Church, praying to whatever god above that he would be hit with a stroke of insight and turn around. This moment never came.

After Fred’s departure, all of the children were instructed to begin dinner preparations. All of the children, except for Lucy and I. Mrs. Honeysickle led us to the staircase and aimed her finger at the door next to it. “Now Ed and Lucy, my office is across the hall there, right next to the stairs.” Lucy looked towards the door, but I didn’t take my eyes off of the woman. “There are some… Sensitive documents in there. Now the door is always locked but if by chance it isn’t, I ask you refrain from entering. Your new brothers and sisters come from situations similar to yours, and I ask you respect their privacy.” Her eyes scanned Lucy, who nodded with enthusiasm. The she set her gaze upon me, “And of course, if you choose to ignore my request, I’ll be forced to-” Her threat was cut off by Sarah shouting “Kujo’s all wet!” A large St. Bernard bursted down the hall, charging towards Honeysickle. “Oh children, you haven’t met Kujo!” she grabbed the dog by its collar, stopping mid leap with a yelp. After recovering, Kujo sat next Honeysickle and stared at us. The dog wasn’t panting, which struck me as strange. Dad had a dog too, he barely fed the thing but I really liked the little guy. I knew what dogs did, and this dog was not doing what dogs do.

Afterwards, we all set up the table and turned the benches for dinner. Honeysickle led all of us in a prayer, thanking God for the food he delivered us. The prayer ended, and everyone began digging into the soup the children had worked together to make. If I’m being honest, it was the best meal I had at the time. While chowing down, I began inspecting the children around the table. Fourteen kids all from different places around the Pacific Northwest. There was kids from all backgrounds, Lucy and I fit in, we both had untamed brunette long locks and green eyes. Our olive skin fit right in the middle of the colour spectrum at the table. Some of the kids spoke spoke in different dialects, a few even spoke spanish. I began to wonder if any of them sensed the danger Honeysickle emanated, if they could see past her veil of the sweet old lady who harboured them from the dangers they had escaped.

I was pulled out of my state of deep thought by Ramone, one of the older kids, asking me where Lucy and I were from. “Oh, we’re from Idaho. North Idaho.” (Note: make this more vague, you just cut the state in half, that narrows you down dumbass.) “Wow” Ramone gasped, “I’m from California, so I’ve never been up here. What's Idaho like?” I was about to answer, finally something to focus on beyond the panic I was in, when the grandfather clock in the hallway struck Nine o’ clock. “Oh children, you know what that means!” All of the kids stood from the table, and almost robotically, picked up their plates and headed towards the kitchen.

Ramone seemed to snap from his trance, “I can show you how to do your dishes.” Ramone smiled at me, I think it was because I was scared, but I was endeared by his friendliness. I stood and followed Ramone to the Kitchen, Lucy behind me, hand in hand. Ramone was 11, one of the older kids at the house. He was tall, with caramel skin and eyes that matched. After cleaning up, all the children headed upstairs to our beds. I let Lucy have to the bunk, mostly because she wanted it, but also because I felt like she was easier to defend if she was up there. I felt I could keep an eye on the door, and I would be quicker from ground level.

The kids took turns brushing their teeth, and taking showers (God damn that was nice, after years of being unclean.) Eventually everybody tucked away into bed, and Honeysickle entered the room. First she looked up to Lucy, “Sleep well Lucy, I hope you feel at home here, and know that I love you.” Lucy enthusiastically chirped a “I love you too Alice!” before leaning over the bed and hugging her. After planting Lucy back on the bed, she looked down at me, as I pulled my covers over my mouth. “And Ed, my dear sweet Ed, I love you as well.” her mouth curled into a look of satisfaction, that hunger returning to her eyes. “I… Love you too Alice…” She slowly lowered herself on top of me for a hug. I could hear her breath speeding up, heartbeat pounding against me. Trying to hold completely still, I let her finish her embrace, and began to breathe again as she left the room.

I tried to stay awake through the night, if I had to guess, I’d say I stayed awake for about 30 minutes before passing out. An hour or so later I slowly opened my eyes, facing the wall. I had this intense feeling of being observed from behind, so I pretended to naturally turn to the other side of the bed. Letting my eyes adjust to the lighting, I observed the room, all of the kids were fast asleep. Arms and Legs hung from the beds around me, sounds of soft snoring filled the room. Covered in sweat, my eyes darted left and right, trying to find the source of my unease. Eventually, I found it. The door was cracked open, and through it, I saw her. Honeysickle stood against the door, one hand on the handle. Her eyes looked bloodshot, as if she hadn’t blinkedin hours, under her stood Kujo. Kujo looked directly into my eyes, then looked upwards. Honeysickle’s mouth disfigured to a smile, literally ear to ear, and with a chuckle, she slammed the door.

Over the next few weeks, Lucy and I began to become adjusted to life in the house. Every morning began with breakfast, morning scripture, then our lessons. Honeysickle homeschooled all of the children, ending at 1PM. Afterwards we were all free to do whatever we wished until 7:30PM, when we would have to start making dinner. At 9PM we would have to get ready for bed. Lucy got along well with the other girls, they would usually collect flowers around the house and make little crowns for themselves. I became close with Ramone, and another kid named Ben. The three of us would lead the other kids into the forest, exploring for hours on end. I saw this as an escape from Honeysickle, even though time passed, she never seemed to take her eyes off of me. Almost biding her time, she would fiddle with her long fingers as she stared at me, I pretended not to notice. I was scared shitless, of course, but if I learned one thing from my Dad, (besides lying about where black eyes came from) it was to never confront unstable people. “The girls really seem to like you.” Ben mentioned this while sitting on a log, swinging a branch back in forth, for no reason in particular. “Especially Alice, she can’t keep her eyes off of you.” Ben smirked, his curly orange hair fell over his eyes. I was relieved to hear I wasn’t the only one to notice. “Yeah, it… It Kinda scares me to be honest…” I uttered in a shaky voice. “Oh don’t worry about it.” added Ramone, “Alice is the nicest, she saved us after all.” While this answer confirmed to me that Ramone was fooled, Ben seemed disappointed by this. “Still, it’s a bit strange. I’ve never seen her act like that before.” He dropped it, and we ran around the woods for a bit longer before heading home.

A few more weeks past, and we were a part of the family. Ben, Ramone, and I would return from the woods with the younger boys. As we approached, all the girls ran to us and barraged us with questions “Where do you guys go!?” and “Why don’t you ever take us with you?” We always pushed these questions aside with excuses, mostly about how the woods were dangerous for little kids. Really, I think it was because we liked to be alone, just as boys, free in the woods. Sarah and Lucy ran to me, arms outstretched with a crown made from lilacs. “Edward!” Lucy yelled, “I made this for the prince!” I took the crown from them and put it on my head, “Thanks Lucy, it’s lovely.” Sarah looked disappointed, “And thank you Sarah, I know Lucy likes to take credit.” Sarah looked full of glee, and Lucy stuck her tongue out at her.

“Children.” a cold voice coming from the direction of the house pierced the mood. “Could I borrow Ramone for just a moment?” For the first time since I had arrived, Honeysickle wasn’t looking at me, but Ramone. He followed her inside the house. I looked to Ben, his eyes confirmed he felt the same way I did, he was worried.

An hour had passed, Ben and I were sitting on the lawn. Ben was teaching me how to read, I never went to school, and like hell my parents were gonna teach me. Ramone came running up to us, he planted his feet right in front of us, panting. “Guys! Somebody adopted me! Me!” This news seemed to shock Ben, but I was happy. “Ramone!” I jumped to my feet, “That’s amazing!” I ran to give him a hug, he caught me and we laughed and enjoyed the moment. Ben remained seated, his eyes hidden by his bangs. Ramone was laughing, then he noticed Ben. “What's wrong Ben?” Ben looked up, and tears were rolling down his cheeks. “Nothing Ramone, not a God damned thing.” He was smiling with the saddest face I had ever seen.

That night at dinner, Honeysickle stood in front of the children. “Children, I have an announcement.” She scanned her captive audience, all of us drooling to dig into our bowls. “Your brother Ramone, was graced by God and chosen by a loving family in Seattle.” Half of the kids gasped, the other half cheered. Ramone stood up and stated, “I’m gonna miss you guys, you’ll always be my little brothers and sisters. I love you guys!” At this, everybody stood up, ran to Ramone and practically tackled him to the ground. Sarah asked through tears, “Will you come visit Ramone? I’ll miss you so so much!” Ramone responded, also fighting tears, “Of course Sarah!”

After dinner, we all headed to bed. All of us, except for Ramone, Ben and I. The three of us waited for the others to fall asleep, then we escaped through the window onto the roof. We stared up at the stars, we talked about life, and Ben and I told Ramone we’d miss him. “Don’t worry guys,” Ramone began choking on his words as they left his mouth, “I’ll see you again, I promise.”

Ramone was gone by the next morning. I still wish I did something, anything, made him run or whatever I could. I know what fate befell him, but don’t worry. What happened to Ramone was paid back in full.

That morning, we all departed to the Kitchen. I walked to the fridge and grabbed the eggs. I began cracking the, and dropping yolk on the kettle. The sizzle almost made me miss the “Good morning, Edward.” I looked towards the unfamiliar voice, and I didn’t know who the words came from. The woman in front of me had black hair with white roots that went below her shoulders, her face was smooth, like a porcelain doll. The woman’s eyes gave it away, it was Honeysickle, I would know that hunger anywhere. “Alice?” I questioned. “Of course my child.” The raspiness in her voice had disappeared and been replaced with a silky, endearing sound, as if vanilla was licking my ears.

After breakfast, Ben and I went out to the front lawn for my reading lessons. “Hey Ben.” I pondered for a moment, was it a good idea to bring it up? “Did you notice Alice looks different?” Ben was befuddled. “Well yeah,” he said matter-of-factly. “This happens every few months, she mentioned she baths in minerals that really help her skin. You’ll get used to it.” This completely floored me, I kept expecting Ben to say that he was kidding, but he never corrected himself.

More time passed, months turned into a year. I was 9 now, Lucy was 7. Ramone had left six months prior, and suddenly a bombshell was dropped on us. Ben had begun teaching Lucy how to read as well, at that point I could read well enough I had torn through a few books. The three of us were sitting on the front lawn, surrounded by books, when Honeysickle approached us. She had slowly begun to return to her weathered appearance, her white roots expanded and wrinkles slowly encroaching her face. “Lucy, Ed, please come with me.” She purred as she said my name. Ben seemed worried by this, closing the book he had been reading to Lucy. I looked to him trying to express my fear. “Don’t worry, I’ll be waiting right here.” He was smiling, and that brought me comfort.

Lucy and I followed Honeysickle to her office, I was squeezing her hand to try and relieve myself of the terror. At this point, Lucy knew of the unease I felt around the woman. Lucy looked to me and smiled, “I love you Ed” the gap in her teeth exposed. I flashed a smirk at her, and we entered Honeysickle’s office. The room was bordered with bookcases, and frames hung on the walls with unfamiliar symbols. The smell of the room made me nauseous, I swayed to and fro, trying to keep focus on Honeysickle.

“Now Ed, I’ve good news for your sister, but it may be difficult for you to… understand.” Seated at her desk, she had lit candles around the room. Lucy and I sat across from her, our chairs much shorter, the power difference was a bit more obvious. “Lucy has been selected by a family in Seattle, Mr. and Mrs. McElroy.” My heart sank to my stomach, Lucy was leaving me? I would be alone, with this woman. “Why can’t Ed come with? What… What…” Lucy began tearing up, but I wrapped my arm around her. “Hey, it’s okay Lucy.” I was crying as well, but I was sure this was for the best. Lucy would be safe from this devil woman. “It’s okay, I’m sure they’re great people, and we can call and... “ The two of us began crying together, we had been together since the beginning. We were the only family each other had, but I knew this was the best for her, even though it hurt like hell. Honeysickle’s hands were folded in front of her face, hiding what I assume was a massive grin.

That night, Honeysickle announced Lucy’s departure. It all went down just like when Ramone left, everybody cried and congratulated Lucy. Ben came up behind me, placed his hand on my shoulder, and said “I’m sorry Ed.” I didn’t respond, and he remained quiet.

That night, I slept in hour long periods before waking up and checking that Lucy was still in her bed. She promised she wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye. I didn’t trust this, since Ramone had said the same, and he didn’t fulfill that promise. After the fifth or sixth check, she was missing. I got out of bed and double checked, she was gone. I stood there for a minute, unable to believe that she would do such a thing. After standing there, stunned, I left the room. I began searching, I went to the Kitchen, the Chapel, searched the halls of the house. I couldn’t find her. I walked by the stairs, and notice Honeysickle’s door was leaking light.

My heart was pounding, I knew that they had to be in there. They couldn’t be anywhere else in the house, and I knew Lucy wouldn’t leave, not without saying goodbye. I started walking towards the door, when I noticed faint footsteps behind me, I turned to see Ben standing behind me. “What are you doing? You know the rules.” He was whispering, as if it would even matter if Honeysickle heard us. “But Lucy might be in there, and I can’t let her leave without saying goodbye.” Ben seemed scared, but he understood. “Okay, but I’m coming too.” I smirked at him, and we entered the her office.

When entering, we felt as though we had crossed into no man’s land. The smell had intensified, I almost vomited, it was volatile. Ben put his hand against the wall, “Jesus Christ.” Not a soul was in the office. Ben and I searched the desk, to try and gain some intel, desperate to know where she had taken my sister. “Hold on,” Ben interrupted, “What’s this?” He walked towards a sideways bookshelf. I walked towards it, and together we pulled it towards us, revealing a downward staircase. Ben looked to me, his pale face resembling a full moon. “We’ve come this far,” I stated, “No going back.”

Descending to hell, the smell only became stronger. The walls were paved with old brick, looking as if they had been laid down hundreds of years ago. The stairs opened into a large cavernous space. Ben and I stepped off the last step into dirt, this was a full blown cave. We weren’t sure, but the cave seemed too close to the house. It was impossible by our estimations, how could such a large cave be right below the house? We pondered this for just a moment, before continuing down the dark passage. As we continued, a light came into view. Candles in the distance lit the entire cavern. Ben began to gag, the smell was overpowering, it became obvious to us it was blood.

Ben crouched and headed down the cave, I followed in suit. The two of us hid behind opposing boulders, the source of the light was within view. Ben peaked around the rock, his eyes widened. He darted his eyes at me, and began vigorously shaking his head. I couldn’t help it, I knew Lucy had to be there.

I’m sorry if this part comes across a bit confusing. I still have trouble thinking about that moment.

I peered around the boulder, slowly taking in the horrors that befell me. Candles dotted the cave floor in a seemingly random pattern. Honeysickle was crouched on the floor, her bony spine poking through her dress as she slumped towards the floor. Rapid, vicious movement coming from her. She was surrounded by rigid, grey protrusions. It took me a second to realise they were bones, Ribs, Skulls. Strings visible only by the light dancing across them, and the crimson liquid petering slowly to the floor, were strung about the room. The source, was Lucy.

Drip, drip, drip…

Following the strings, chunks of torn flesh were threaded all around them. Meat hung suspended in the air, with hints to what they originally belonged to. Fingers, toes, a thigh, my eyes began rapidly searching, praying that my suspicion wasn’t true. A slow droning moan escaped the center of the web, it was coming from my sweet little sister. From Lucy.

Lucy’s chest was sprawled open, as if pried to each side, resembling wings. I saw it all, her heart, lungs, even her veins and arteries, all still pumping away. Lucy’s head hung from her shoulders, hair covering her face. Her arms and legs were spread amongst the web in a spiraling pattern. I put my hand to my face, but a scream escaped me.

Slowly, Lucy looked up. Her eyes met mine, her face still in perfect condition. A barrage of emotions escaped me. Lucy’s eyes were dead, hopeless, empty. She curled her mouth into a sorrowful smile, “Ed…” she struggled out, “Edwar-” She was cut off by Honeysickle, turning to face us.

Honeysickle had morphed, she was truly a Demon. Her mouth no longer limited by the corners of her lips. Her mouth seemed to stretch from ear to ear, sporting the fresh blood from my sister across it’s edges. Honeysickle’s teeth seemed to have both multiplied and sharpened, rows on rows of knife edged fangs filled her enlarged mouth, baring them at Ben and I as she pounced.

Ben jumped towards me, screaming with all of his power “Edward!” Honeysickle, within a split second had crossed the cave floor, shrieking an ungodly howl and stretching her now elongated arms at me. The last thing I remember was focusing on Ben’s cross necklace, as he leapt to shield me from the beast that had us trapped. The light bouncing off of Ben’s cross comforted me somehow, as I felt myself lose consciousness, I fell into my dreams to escape a nightmare.

Ah shit, I guess I’m outta time right now. What a place to end it though. I have a bit more to talk about, but this has really tired me the fuck out! Obviously, this is pretty emotional for me. I;ve barely ever talked about this. I feel a need to let you all know about this, maybe as a warning. These monsters are out there, they exist and they prey on the weak. I’m definitely finishing this, you deserve to know what I did to that bitch. How I got revenge for my little sister, and how I got the fuck outta there relatively unscathed. I’ll answer any questions you might have, but I don’t wanna give away the best part of the story! For now though, I gotta sign off.
