Told you I’d be back. 

So let’s just wrap this the fuck up.

After the Sarah incident, Honeysickle was permanently on alert. Her body became more decrepit, and her mannerisms more shaky. The last few months in Honeysickles were constant tests of our deceptiveness, and we barely managed to hide our intentions.

No confrontation came to Ben and I. Honeysickle would follow us with her hungry eyes, always watching, waiting for a slip up. The police deduced that the fire was caused by an oven malfunction, and Ted joked that Ben and I always seemed to be around when a fire burst out. Funny that he said that, because we were about to set fire to Honeysickle.

The next four months consisted of daily training in the woods, running for hours on end, just to slightly increase the chances of escape. The heat of summer eventually died, leading to jumping into cool piles of leaves after our exercises. Ben and I would swing sticks at each other, just to avoid Honeysickles claws from ripping us in half. Sooner or later, we realized we were being followed.

“Hold on.” Ben held his hand at my chest, darting his eyes to the bush on our left. We had been running for about an hour that day, and Ben noticed the feeling of hungry eyes on us.

“Wha-” Before I could finish, the bush parted to reveal Kujo. The breathless mutt emerged from the foliage and met our eyes. Nearly an eternal standoff took place, before Kujo jumped back into the woods.

“She’s got her eyes on us.” Ben was disturbed, I could tell he was beginning to get nervous as our escape date approached. We decided we’d run after collecting the coats that year. This gave me the chance to get Ted’s gun.

“It’s fine, she can’t tell what we’re doing.” I was determined, I wasn’t going to leave Ben behind, or any of the other kids. I was gonna kill Honeysickle before we ran, for Lucy.

“I don’t know, why else would we be running through the woods?” Ben looked me in the eyes, looking for comfort, but being met by the pure blaze of hate.

“Exercising?” I wish I wasn’t so rude to Ben, he was right most of the time.

***

Ben and I were once again called into Honeysickle’s office. We stood, much like last year, in front of the oak desk. Unlike last year, Honeysickle’s breathes were audible from that distance. Her skin was graying, hair falling out, and her eyes were almost pure white, surrounded by a cracked portrait of skin.

“Boys....” Her voice rattled off of her ribs, reverberating off of the walls in a sickly tone. “Your actions are beginning to tire me.” Her hands were clasped together in front of her face in a prayer position, before reaching one forward.

“We aren’t doing anything.” I blurted out, unable to hide my anger anymore. “Why would we let you eat Sarah?”

“That,” Her outstretched, sandy hand lifted her index upward, “Was none of your business.”

“Right.” Ben stated. “Are we headed to town again to grab coats?”

“Ah…” Honeysickle reached into her drawer, pulling two ten dollar bills out. “Yes, but this time, don’t burn your prizes.”

I stepped forward, grasping the green bill, before she grabbed my hair and slammed my head into the desk. Pulling her head closer to mine, she once again dropped her visage of a human, spreading her razor teeth, eyes sparking in an animistic frenzy.

“Don’t you dare forget, you are mine.” Honeysickle resembled a bear caught in a trap, pure animal rage on display.

“Don’t you forget,” I was gritting my teeth, feeling the warmth build from my stomach, climbing my spine and resting on my shoulders. “What you did to Lucy.” My eyes met hers, confusion, then pure bliss filled every crag on her face.

Ben stepped forward, and pulled me from Honeysickle’s grasp. She straightened herself, looking me deep in the eyes.

“I can’t forget, she tasted amazing.” Her now human like eyes nearly rolled to the back of her head, mouth creeping to the edge of her face. I turned and walked out the door, pushing it back behind me with so much force Ben let out a gasp of shock.

“Ed!” Ben pushed the door open, catching up to me. As we were putting our winter gear on, Ben once again wearing his father’s military jacket, the other children had gathered at the top of the stairs.

“Don’t worry guys.” Ben reassured them, “We’re just running to grab the coats!” Kujo was nowhere to be seen.

***

Once again, Ben and I followed the path to town. We rarely found ourselves in society, so being able to see normal people doing normal things relaxed us. Both Ben and I knew tonight was our one and only shot, our one chance of living, so the distraction was welcomed.

“She’s got to know we’re up to something.” Ben looked at me, worry once again creeping onto his face. We were passing the dinner at the edge of town, the “Open” sign losing another light and becoming an “Opn” sign since we last visited.

While passing by, the black police car sitting in the parking lot caught my attention. I tugged ben on the sleeve, pointing at the cruiser.

“He’s here.” I pulled Ben towards the entrance, and the bell rang as we passed through the door.

Officer Ted sat at the bar of the long, hallway-like restaurant. Turning his head to greet us, his face lit up with recognition.

“Boys!” He sat up, disconnecting his lips from the straw to what appeared to be a strawberry milkshake. Patting the circular seat next to him, he beckoned “Milkshakes on me!”

Ben sat to Ted’s left, and I took the seat on his right. Ben and I had discussed this, I was to remain to Ted’s right, where he kept his revolver holstered. Looking around us, I noticed nobody else besides a family sitting a bit further down, on the left from us.

“How’s Honeysickle’s?” Ted asked Ben, the more friendly of us. I spotted Ted’s handgun, sticking out from the holster on his belt. This was my chance, my heartbeat began to quicken, and I felt my vision blur.

“Oh same as ever, sometimes I think she’s a million years old.” Ben laughed, watching me from the corner of his eyes, never fully, as to not draw attention. My eyes darted, first to the clerk who was busy staring out the window, then to the family eating their lunch in bliss. Ted hadn’t noticed my hand leaving my pocket and creeping towards his weapon.

“Well, I remember her from when I was a kid…” Ted’s cheerful voice became white noise to me, as I split my focus in three directions.

Thump, thump, thump.

I could feel my heart smashing against my ribs, knowing shaky hands would mean the end of me. This made me panic more, breathing becoming less and less stable. I was losing conviction, my hand felt so heavy, until I met Ben’s eyes.

In a dangerous situation, I learned the only person I could trust was myself. When it came to Dad, I knew I had to defend Lucy by myself. I think I was an animal before, back when it was just me. Running totally on instinct, pathetically snarling my fangs at the beasts of the world staring me down.

Until Ben.

Ben was my brother, the only other person who understood. He stood next to me, had my back, as we faced the demons before us. His eyes, as determined as mine, rebuilt my confidence.

Hand steady, I grabbed the revolver, slowly tugging it, making no noise. Eventually, it left its holster and I hung it behind Ted.

“She’s got us collecting coats again.” Ben held Ted’s attention, he seemed too busy sucking on his milkshake. I kept my eyes on both the family and the clerk. I pulled the gun under the counter, sluggishly pulling it to myself.

“Hey!” The clerk shouted, my heart stopped, and suddenly I felt drenched in sweat. Everyone’s attention was pulled to the clerk, pointing her finger.

Out the window.

“Dog.” Everyone shot their eyes to the window, noticing a big black dog staring inside, standing on his hind legs and pressed up against the glass. It was Kujo.

I quickly hid the gun under my waistband, pulling my shirt over it to obscure it from view.

“Hey, ain’t that yours?” Ted looked to me, right as I got done fixing my shirt.

“Oh, I guess that is.” I quickly stood up, walked to the window, and banged on it. “Get down!”

***

Ted said goodbye to us, apparently not noticing his much lighter belt. We thanked him for the milkshakes, and began walking to the school. Kujo trailed us, but we didn’t really care this time.

“Get it?” Ben questioned, and I answered with a nod. Eventually, we found the school, and once again took the coats. The lady at the counter was different, assuredly because the last one set off the fire alarm. I picked the box up off the ground, noticing it was much easier than last year.

“Less coats?” I asked the lady.

“No, it should be about the same as every year.” She seemed much perkier than the lady before her, likely lacking the years of dealing with highschoolers.

“Probably just the training paying off.” Ben grinned at me, and I gigged. We soon left the school, beginning our long trek back to Honeysickle’s.

***

Ben and I arrived back at Honeysickle’s, and she met us outside. The children were running around, and jumping in the piles of leaves. Honeysickle’s poisonous gaze met us as we approached, our conviction keeping our pace solid.

“Welcome back boys.” The purr in her voice was drowned by the roughness of age. We passed her, wordlessly, as we ascended the steps to the old chapel. I often think about how we should have stayed outside, played with the kids. That would’ve been our last moment of peace. As it stands, I can’t even remember the last time we were happy.

The kids ran inside, and rummaged around in the coats. I usually took one of the last few, letting the other kids take their pick. I really did like those guys, Sarah, Kimmy, Phil, Tyler, all of them. I can’t remember most of their names, but I remember they loved me, and I loved them.

After the coats were split among us, we began cooking dinner again, I was cutting onions. All of the kids, running around the kitchen, completely unaware of the danger that stood with us. It made me sad, for who knows how long kids just like these had their happiness snatched away by her jaws. I couldn’t stand it.

“You okay?” Kimmy grabbed my shirt, her head reaching my waist. I realized tears were dropping from my jaw.

“Yeah,” I sniffed. “Onions.”

***

After dinner, everybody took turns showering and brushing their teeth. Ben and I waited to go last, leaning against our beds. Ben had caught up to me in height, it seemed like every day one of us took turns in being taller. At eleven, I was fairly tall, and our exercise had paid off. I looked at the both of us, estimating our odds.

“Finally.” Ben’s gaze was fixed in the floorboards below us, he was moving a ball back and forth with his left foot. “Tonight’s finally the end.”

“Yeah.” I followed the ball, ebbing back and forth at the whim of Ben’s toes. I had hid the revolver under my sheets, Ben and I had packed our bags weeks ago. We were ready.

I took my turn to shower first, feeling the warm water envelope my face. Taking in the quiet, realizing I may not get this chance to shower for awhile. Ben and I had stolen the tent from the storage room, used back when the kids at Honeysickle used to go on camping trips. We planned to live in the woods for a bit, really we hadn’t planned too far ahead. I finished my sower, brushed my teeth, and left the bathroom. Ben did the same a few minutes later, and we waited for the noises of the kids to die down before meeting on the roof again.

“Ready?” Ben was standing on the roof, zipping his jacket, and pulling his backpack on.

“Yeah, meet me at the clearing?” I had the gun in my hand, practicing aiming it out at the fields surrounding the church. Ben nodded, and stepped towards me, hugging me tight.

“Please, save them. Please.” I grunted in agreement. Ben pulled away, holding my shoulders in his hands, looking into my eyes. “Please survive.”

“Only if you do.” I grinned, feeling the warm tears running down my face. Ben nodded, turned, and swung down from the roof. I watched him run, carrying the tent bag on his side, deep into the wilderness.

***

Stepping back into the house, I noticed the eerie silence again. The door sat ajar, and I immediately knew what was happening. I looked to each of the beds, making sure they were all present, Kimmy was missing.

I pulled the handgun firmly from my waistband, holding it firmly with two hands. Leaning against the door , I peaked out of the room down the hall. Nobody was there, but I noticed a thick smoke leading down the stairs. I held my sleeve over my nose, filtering the smoke out. I felt groggy suddenly, but steadfast enough.

I crept down the stairs, holding the gun in front of me. I made it to Honeysickle’s office, aiming the gun at the entrance, before slowly pushing it open. The office was empty, thick smoke everywhere. I realized what I once thought was perfume was likely this smoke. Sleeve tightly held to my face, I observed the room. Chaos, books thrown around, and her chair knocked to the ground.

The entrance to Honeysickle’s nest was open, and I leaned against the side, staring down to the low light ground. Nobody again.

I followed the familiar cave, it’s dank stench ripping into my nose. I couldn’t avoid the memories of the night I lost Lucy, but I’d atone for my weakness tonight. I snuck my way deeper and deeper in, making sure to obscure my sound as best I could. Eventually, I found her.

Kimmy was propped up against the wall, her small chest rising and falling. Honeysickle hunched forwards, pressing her hands against the floor, circling around Kimmy. Once behind Kimmy, I saw Honeysickle’s spider-like body. Her bones jutted out of her skin, which tightened around her sharp frame. She had grown another, smaller set of eyes under her original set, and her tung hung out of her humongous, razor lined lips. She was drooling, I guess we had been starving her.

I waited behind a large boulder, the same one I hid behind when we found Lucy. I held the gun to my nose, pointing it upwards. Honeysickle’s hand was dripping something crimson, I assumed it to be blood, and the smell helped me to that conclusion. She painted the floor around Kimmy in a ritualistic manner. I was waiting for her to stop moving, so I could line up my shot. Honeysickle stopped in front of Kimmy, waited a moment, then raised her hand above her. Her long slender fingers erupting into sharp claws. It was time, I stepped out from the boulder, fell to one knee, sucked in, and lined up my shot.

Three. Two. Bang.

The bullet exploded from my hand, tearing through Honeysickles shoulder. I heard it ricochet off the rock wall, before Honeysickle let out a horrible shriek. My ears rang loudly, as the noise bounced around my head. She turned to me, caressing her shoulder, before the next bullet came crashing towards her. This time, hitting her somewhere in the chest, knocking her back about three feet. She skidded across the dirt, before she bent down and shot off towards me.

One inch, that's about how close she got to splitting my neck wide open. I jumped to the right, narrowly avoiding her grasp. She caught herself, one hand digging into the dirt, swinging her legs behind her, before once again lunging in my direction. I fired off another shot, only for it to go wide and barely miss her. This time, I jumped to the left, before being caught by her off hand, cutting deep into my side. Together, we flew towards Kimmy, throwing her towards the back end of the cave. Honeysickle was on top of me, in the center of her blood circle, she raised her claw high in the ground, ready to smash my head against the dirt.

Bang

I held the gun against her chest, as the bullet tore deeply into her. She fell to the side thrashing around, I got to my feet and stomped hard on on her arm, before I took another step on the bullet hole dug into her shoulder.

“How’s it feel!?” I was yelling, gun aimed at her face. Shaking, spitting, we both looked like animals. She stopped thrashing, and looked into my eyes. Something close to fear must have struck her, as she stopped moving.

“Edward… Dear Edward…” I felt my finger tightening on the trigger, slowly pulling it back. “Please forgive me Edward.”

The explosion of the bullet, the kick of the gun, and the fire that erupted from Honeysickle as the bullet caught her in the nose. The flames surrounded me, engulfing me completely. I felt my skin melting off my bones, blood vessels popping at the intense heat surrounding me. Screaming until my vocal cords felt like the mended with my ribs. The fire was real, it was everything, and I realised it came from within. My eyes turned to liquid, I felt myself becoming smaller as I became ash.

Opening my eyes, I was standing on top of what used to be Honeysickle. Her long skinny tendrils splayed across the earth, her dress torn where the bullets had found her, and her head a pile of mush. I fell on my ass, breathing heavily. I took a moment, to try and distinguish if what had just happened really had. Did I just burn alive? Was I okay? Was Kimmy alive?

Kimmy.

I ran over to Kimmy, making sure she was still breathing. After making sure she was okay, I picked her unconscious body up in my arms. Stepping over the corpse of Honeysickle, I ascended to the house.

***

I woke the rest of the kids up, telling them to collect anything they needed. They did, confusedly, and as they did I grabbed the gas can from the shed outside and began spreading it around the house. I was holding my side, where Honeysickle had cut me, even though it didn’t hurt nearly as much as I thought it should. Nothing of this house should remain, nothing is supposed to survive in this portal to hell.

I brought all of the kids out on the front lawn, making sure they had everything with them. I did a head count, and made sure Sarah kept an eye on Kimmy, who was still passed out and propped against the tree that stood in front of the church. After being sure everyone was outside, I lit a match, and threw it on the gas.

The church caught fire quickly, I watched it burn for awhile, before getting on one knee and placing my hands on Sarah’s shoulders.

“You’re the oldest now Sarah, keep an eye on them.” She looked confused, observing the bruises and cuts on my face.

“What’s going on Ed?” Her eyes were watery, and she seemed sad.

“Ben and I gotta go, okay?” Her face winced in pain, and her eyes closed as she jumped into a hug.

“Mm hm.” She squeaked, holding me tightly. I eventually stood, turning my back to the children. Some yelled in protest, others seemed afraid of me. As I crossed the crest to the forest, I turned, watching as “Honeysickle’s Home for the Unfortunate” burned away, it’s children standing in spite of its destruction.

***

The walk to the clearing was long and drowsy, I thought of all the kids. I hoped they’d be taken somewhere nice, somewhere safe. The trees seemed to be mocking me, their gnarled wood looking like faces that stared into me. I was becoming dizzy, I swear to god I heard the bitch’s laugh as I traversed those woods. I found it though, I found the clearing.

I stepped out from the trees, they blocked the first snow of winter from hitting me. The pale moon lit the tree at the center of the clearing, fresh layer of snow covering the ground surrounding the it. I walked forward, looking for Ben’s figure leaning up against the tree.

He wasn’t there.

I pulled the revolver from my waistband, checking it, one bullet left. Fuck. I held my hands forward, circling the tree. I noticed a glint in the tree, and figured out what it was. Ben’s cross necklace, the same one I focused on when he saved me from Honeysickle, dangled from the branches. I looked underneath the necklace, and my breath stopped.

The snow seemed to stop midair, the noises of life became too loud to handle. A crimson crescent stained the snow around him, he laid on his stomach, skin paler than normal. His torso was separated from his legs, which rested about a foot behind him. His head was resting on his arm, blood leaking out of his mouth and nose. Ben was still, he was dead.

My heart thundered against me, sweat covering me completely, I spun in circles looking for the culprit. Minutes passed, not a noise to be heard. Through the tree line, I caught sight of him. He was circling me, much like Honeysickle had circled Kimmy. Eventually, Kujo’s head crested the trees, before he walked in a line parallel to me.

Bang.

The shot rang loud, as it passed through Kujo’s center. Kujo didn’t move, keeping eye contact with me.

“What the fuck are you!?” I held the gun at him, knowing full well it was useless.

The dog’s jaw fell open, as two long, slender fingers grasped the side of his face from the inside. A smooth, bald head pulled itself from the dog, before revealing an even longer naked body. If he stood upright, he’d be nine feet tall. His pale skin stretched against his long, creepy bones. He was hunched over, his claw-like finger digging into the snow. He lifted his head so his eyes met mine.

“Mamma…” His eyes were black, deep portals to his empty soul. His long face contorted to accommodate speech. “You killed… Momma…”

“What the…” He leaped forward, swiping at me. I dodged to the left, but not fast enough. My chest exploded, releasing my blood into the night air. I fell onto my back, gasping for air to suck into my punctured lungs. Kujo was beating on my chest, missing sometimes and snapping an arm or leg in half. I heard her laugh again, darkness was filling my vision. I felt cold, I felt alone. I was ready, I felt content that this would be the end. My blood was leaking fast, and I could feel the warmth leaving my chest. Blackness eventually took me, and I was gone.

Warmth, heat, fire, it was inside again.

I felt hot suddenly, the snow around me hissing as it gave away. I felt the circle of fire slowly building. Inside, it felt like an inferno, and I was furious. The rage built and built, becoming almost unbearable. This bald bitch thought he could kill me? I just killed a demon and he thought he had the right to kill me? No, that wasn’t allowed.

“There you are, my pretty Edward.” Honeysickle’s voice pierced my brain, matching the rhythm of the flames dance. “You’re not done yet, that’s what I took with me, the ending.” Rage burnt on again, this time, my body reacted.

Twisted, my arms snapped back, lifting my chest from the ground. Cracks and snaps, as my bones fixed themselves back into place. My feet found the ground, and I began twitching upwards, slowly standing back up. I was unbalanced, swaying left to right.

“Hey…” My voice left me, searching for the beast who cut me open. “Why did you do that?”

Kujo looked up, he had been crying, sitting in front of me. Realizing I was standing, broken, he took an offensive position. I felt the heat surrounding me getting hotter, my blood soaked clothes began to steam. I stood, swinging my arms back and forth.

“I killed the bitch.” My arm snapped back up into place, as I lifted the other, pointing at the beast. “And now it’ll be you.”

Kujo shrieked, swinging his skinny arms downward, before spiraling towards me. I dodged to the left, this time missing the brunt of the attack. I caught his arm in the air, throwing him head first into the tree at the center of the clearing. He screamed and thrashed around, before balancing on his hunched legs.

“Hurt…” He squeaked. Kujo lined his arms up, and leapt at me. I didn’t try to dodge, readying my fist instead. His claw cut deep into my side, but my fist, launched by the fires of fury, caught him dead center in the face. In a sweeping motion,his legs shot ahead of him, head stuck on my hand, as I smashed it into the ground with an earth shattering thud. The fires erupted from my shoulder, burning from my shirt. I could feel fires leaving my face, as the pure spite and hate couldn’t contain itself. Over and over, I slammed my fists into the monster, feeling my arms explode into messes of bone and flesh, before rebuilding themselves.

Kujo thrashed for the first five minutes, catching me with his claws, scratching to escape, before they fell and he went still. I kept hitting, until he was a pile of blood and gut and bone, until I had nothing to smash anymore. Sooner or later, I became bored of it, and stepped back, falling to my ass.

“Good boy, Edward.” I felt her voice again, seemingly in my brain. As the flame left, I felt cold. I walked over to Ben, observing my dead brother. I fell to my knees next to him, crying my fucking eyes out. I spent a while there, but I knew the cops would show up eventually.

“Goodbye, Ben…” I took the jacket off his shoulders, I remember him telling me to take it once. I’m not sure if I really do, but I wanted something to remember him by. I pulled my arms through the coat, and studied the name tag on the breast. “Ines.”

“I guess it’s Edward Ines now…” I laughed, knowing Ben would make fun of me for that. I turned Ben on his back, crossed his arms, and closed his eyes. He always used to pray, and I guess that’s how religious people wanted to be buried. I looked up to the cross necklace hanging in the tree branches, and prayed Ben made it to heaven, before turning and disappearing into the woods. I never returned.

Well, it seems that it’s over. Finally fucking finished. I’m glad it didn’t take a year. If you guys want, there is more, but I’m done for now. Thanks again for sitting here with me, full moon hanging in the sky. I can’t think of a lesson to take from this, so just don’t do drugs I guess. See ya.
